
Part One 
 
I 
MOTHER died today. Or, maybe, yesterday;  I can’t be sure. Th e telegram  from the 
Home say s: YOUR MOTHER PASSED AWAY. FUNERAL TOMORROW. DEEP  
SYMPATHY. Which leaves th e matter doubtful; it could have been yesterday. 
The Home for Aged Persons is at Maren go, som e fifty m iles from  Algiers. With 
the two o’clock bus I shoul d get there well before night fall. Th en I can spend the 
night there , keeping the usual vigil besi de the body, and be back here by tom orrow 
evening. I have fixed up with m y employe r for two days’ leave; obviously, under the 
circum stances, he couldn’t refuse. Still, I had an idea he looked annoyed, and I said, 
without thinking: “Sorry, sir, but it’s not my fault, you know.” 
Afterwards it struck me I needn’t have said that. I had no reason to excuse myself; 
it was up to him to express his sym pathy and so forth. Probably he will do so the day 
after tom orrow, when he sees me in black. For the present, it’s almost as if Mother 
weren’t really dead. The funeral will bring it home to me, put an official seal on it, so  
to speak. ... 
I took the two-o’clock bus. It was a blazing hot afternoon. I’d lunched, as usual, at 
Céleste’s restaurant. Everyone was m ost kind, and Céleste said to me, “There’s no 
one like a mother.” When I left  they came with me to the door. It was something of a 
rush, getting away, as at the last mo ment I had to call in at Emmanuel’s place to  
borrow his black tie and m ourning band. He  lost his uncle a few m onths ago. 
I had to run to catch the bus. I suppose it was my hurrying like that, wh at with the 
glare off the road and from the sky, the reek  of gasoline, and the jolts, that m ade me 
feel so drowsy. Anyhow, I slept m ost of th e way. When I woke I was leaning against 
a soldier; he grinned and asked me if I’d come from  a long way off, and I just 
nodded, to cut things short. I wasn’t in a m ood for talking. 
The Ho me is a little over a m ile from  the v illage. I went there on foot. I asked to 
be allowed to see Mother at once, but the doorkeeper told m e I must see the warden 
first. He wasn’t free, and I had to wait a bit. The doorkeeper chatted with me while I 
waited; th en he led me to the office. Th e warden was a ver y small man, with g ray 
hair, and a Legion of Honor ro sette in his butt onhole. He  gave me a long look wit h 
his watery blue eyes. Then we shook hands, and he held m ine so long t hat I began to 
feel embar rassed. Aft er that he consulted a register  on his tabl e, and said: 
“Madame Meursault entered the Ho me thr ee years ago. She ha d no pri vate m eans 
and depended entirely on you.” 
 4

I had a feeling he was blam ing m e for some thing, and started to explain. But he 
cut m e short. 
“There’s no need t o excuse yourself, my boy. I’ve looke d up t he record and 
obviously you weren’t in a position to s ee that she was properly cared for. She 
needed someone to be with her all the time, and young m en in jobs like yours don’t  
get too m uch pay. In any case, sh e was mu ch happier in the Ho me.” 
I said, “Yes, sir; I’m  sure of that.” 
Then he added: “She had good friends here, you know, old folks li ke herself, and 
one gets on better with people of one’s ow n generation. You’re much too young; you 
couldn’t have been m uch of a co mpanion to her.” 
That was so. When we lived t ogether, Mother was always watching me, but we 
hardly ever talked. During her first few we eks at  the Ho me she used to cry a go od 
deal. But that was only because she hadn’t settled down. After  a month or two she’d 
have cried  if she’d been told to leave the Hom e. Because this, too, would have been a 
wrench. That was why, during the last year, I seldom went  to see her. Also, it w ould 
have m eant losing m y Sunday—not t o mention the troubl e of goi ng to the bus, 
getting m y ticket, and spending tw o hours on the journey each way. 
The warden went on talking, but I didn’t pay m uch attention. Finally he said: 
“Now, I suppose you’d like to see your mother?” 
I rose without repl ying, and he led the way to the door. As we were going down 
the stairs he explained: 
“I’ve had the body m oved to our little m ortuary—so as not to upset the other old 
people, you understand. Every time there’s a death here, they ’re in a nervous state for 
two or three days. Which m eans, of cour se, extra work and worry for our staff.” 
We crossed a courtyard where there were  a num ber of old men, talking am ongst 
them selves in little groups. They fell silent  as we came up with them. Then, behind 
our backs, the chattering began again. Th eir voices rem inded me of parakeets in a 
cage, only the sound wasn’t quite so shril l. The warden stopped outside t he entrance 
of a sm all, low building. 
“So here I leave you, Monsieur Meursa ult. If you want me for anything, you’ll 
find me in m y office. We propose to have  the fune ral tom orrow m orning. That will 
enable you to spend the night beside your m other’s coffin, as no doubt you would 
wish to do. Just one m ore thing; I gat hered from  your mother’s fri ends that she 
wished to be buried with the rites of the Church. I’ve made arra ngements for thi s; but 
I thought I should let  you know .” 
I thanked him . So far as I knew, m y mother, though not a professed atheist, had 
never given a thought to religion in her life. 
I entered t he mortuary. It  was a bright,  spotlessly clean room , with whit ewashed 
walls and a big skyli ght. The furnit ure consis ted of som e chairs and trestles. Two of 
the latter stood open in the center of the r oom and the coffin rested on them . The lid 
 5

was in place, but the screws had been give n only a few turns and their ni ckeled heads 
stuck out above the wood, which was stained dark walnut.  An Arab woman—a 
nurse, I supposed— was sitting beside the bier; she was wearing a blue sm ock and 
had a rather gaudy sca rf wound round her hair. 
Just then t he keeper came up behind me. He’d evidently been running, as he was a 
little out of breath. 
“We put t he lid on, but I was t old to unsc rew it when you came, so that you coul d 
see her .” 
While he was going up to the coffin I t old him not to trouble. 
“Eh? What’s that?” he  exclaimed. “You don’t want me to ...?” 
“No,” I said. 
He put back the screwdriver in his pocket a nd stared at me. I r ealized then that I 
shoul dn’t have said, “No,” an d it m ade me rather em barra ssed. After eying m e for 
some m oments he asked: 
“Why not? ” But he didn’t sound repro achful; he simply wanted to know. 
“Well, real ly I couldn’t say,” I answered. 
He began twiddling his white mustache; th en, without looki ng at m e, said gently: 
“I underst and.” 
He was a pleasant-looki ng m an, with bl ue eyes and ruddy c heeks. He drew up a 
chair for me n ear the coffin, and seated  himself just behind. The nurse got up and 
moved toward the door. As she was going by, the keeper whispered in my ear: 
“It’s a tumor she has, poor thi ng.” 
I looked at her m ore carefully and I noti ced that she had a bandage round her head, 
just below  her eyes. It lay quite flat across the bri dge of her nose,  and one saw hardly 
anything of her face except that strip of whiteness. 
As soon as she had gone, the keeper rose. 
“Now I’ll leave you to yourself.” 
I don’t know whether I made some gesture,  but instead of going he halted behind 
my chair. The sensation of som eone poste d at my back made me unco mfortable. The 
sun was getting low  and the whole room  was flooded with a pleasant, mellow light. 
Two hornets were buzzing overhead, against the skylight. I was so sleepy I could 
hardly keep m y eyes open. Without looki ng round, I asked the keeper how long he’d 
been at the Hom e. “Five year s.” The answer came so pat that one could have thought 
he’d been expecting m y question. 
That started him  off, and he became quite  chatty. If anyone had told him  ten years 
ago that he’d end hi s days as doorkeeper at a home at Marengo, he’d never have 
believed it. He was si xty-four, he said, a nd hailed from  Paris. 
When he said that, I broke in . “Ah, you don’t com e from  here?” 
I remem bered then that, before taking m e to the warden, he’d told m e something  
about Mother. He had said she’d have to  be buried m ighty quickly because of the 
 6

heat in these parts, especially down in t he plain. “At Paris they keep the body for 
three days, som etimes four.” After that he ha d mentioned that he’d spent  the best part 
of his life in Paris, a nd could never m anage to forget it.  “Here,” he had said, “t hings 
have to go with a rush, like. You’ve hard ly time to get used to the idea that 
someone’s dead, before you’re  hauled off to  the funeral.” “That’s enough,” his w ife 
had put  in. “You didn’t ought t o say such  things to the poor young gentl eman.” The 
old fellow  had blushed and begun to apologize.  I told him  it was quite all right. As a 
matter of fact, I found it rather interesti ng, what he’d been telling me; I hadn’t 
thought of that before. 
Now he went on to say that he’d entered the Ho me as an ordi nary inm ate. But h e 
was still quite hale and hearty, and when  the keeper’s job fell vacant, h e offered to 
take it on. 
I pointed out that, ev en so, he was r eally an inm ate like the others, but he wouldn’t  
hear of it. He was “ an official, like.” I’d been struck before by his habit of saying 
“they” or,  less ofte n, “them  old folks, ” when referring to inm ates no ol der t han 
himself. Still, I could see his point of vie w. As doorkeeper he had a certain standing, 
and some authorit y over the rest of them. 
Just then the nurse returned. Night had fallen very quickl y; all of a sudden, it 
seemed, the sky went black above the sky light. The keeper switched on the lamps, 
and I was alm ost blinded by the blaze of light. 
He suggested I shoul d go to the refectory for dinner,  but I wasn’t hungry. Then he 
proposed bringing me a mug of café au lait . As I am  very partial to café au lait  I 
said, “Thanks,” and a few m inutes later he came back with  a tray. I drank the coffee,  
and then I wanted a cigarette. But I wasn’t sure if I should sm oke, under the 
circu mstances—in Mother’s presence. I t hought it over; re ally, it di dn’t seem to 
matter, so I offered the keeper a cigarette, and we both sm oked. 
After a wh ile he started talking again. 
“You know, your mother’s fri ends will be com ing soon, to keep vigil with you 
beside the body. We always have a ‘vigil’  here, when anyone di es. I’d better go and 
get some chairs and a pot of black coffee.” 
The glare off the white walls  was making m y eyes smart,  and I asked him  if he 
couldn’t  turn off one of the lam ps. “Not hing doing,” he said. They’d arranged the 
lights like that; either one had them  all on or none at all. After that I di dn’t pay m uch 
more attention t o him. He we nt out, brought som e chairs , and set them out round the 
coffin. On one he placed a coffeepot a nd ten or a dozen cups. Then he sat down 
facing me, on the far side of Mother. The nurse was at the other end of t he room , 
with her back to me. I couldn’t see what  she was doing, but  by the way her arms  
moved I guessed that she was knitting. I was feeling very comfortable; the coffee had  
warmed me up, and through the open door came scents of flowers and breaths of 
cool night air. I think I dozed off for a while. 
 7

I was wakened by an odd rust ling in m y ears. After having had m y eyes closed, I  
had a feeling t hat the  light had grown even stronger than before. There wasn’t a tra ce 
of shadow  anywhere, and every object, each  curve or angle, seemed to score its 
outline on one’s eyes. The old people, Moth er’s friends, were com ing in. I counted 
ten in all, gliding alm ost soundlessly t hrough the bleak white glare. None of the 
chairs creaked when they sat down. Never in  my life had I seen anyone so clearly as 
I saw these people; not a detail of their cl othes or features escaped me. And yet I 
couldn’t hear them, and it was hard to believe they really existed. 
Nearly all the women wore aprons, and the strings drawn tight round t heir waists 
made their big stomachs bulge still m ore. I’d never yet notic ed what big paunches 
old wom en usually have. Most of the m en, how ever, were as thin as rakes, and they 
all carried sticks. What struck me m ost about their faces was that one c ouldn’t see 
their eyes, only a dull  glow in a sort of nest of wrinkl es. 
On sitting down, they looked at m e, and wagged their heads awkwardly, their lips 
sucked in between their toot hless gum s. I c ouldn’t decide if they were greeting me 
and trying to say something, or if it was due to some infirm ity of age. I inclined to 
think that they were greeting me, after their fashion,  but it had a queer effect, s eeing 
all those old fellows grouped round t he keep er, solem nly eying me and dandling t heir 
heads from side to side. For a m oment I had an abs urd impression that they had co me 
to sit in judgm ent on  me. 
A few minutes later one of the wom en star ted weeping. She was in the second row 
and I coul dn’t see her face because of anot her woman in front. At regular intervals 
she em itted a little choking sob; one had a f eeling she would never stop. The others 
didn’t seem to notice. They sat in silence,  slumped in their chairs, staring at the 
coffin or a t their walking st icks or any obj ect just in front of them , and never took 
their eyes off it. And still the woman sobbed. I was rather surprised, as I didn’t know 
who she was. I wanted her t o stop cryi ng, but da red not  speak to her. After a while 
the keeper bent toward her and whispered in her ear; but she me rely shook her head, 
mumbled something I couldn’t  catch, and went on sobbi ng as steadily as before. 
The keeper got up a nd m oved his chair beside  mine. At first he kept silent; then,  
without looking at me, he explained. 
“She was devoted to your m other. She says  your m other was her onl y friend i n the 
world, and now she’s all alone.” 
I had nothing t o say, and the si lence la sted quite a while. Presently the wo man’s 
sighs and sobs became less frequent, and, after blowing her nose and snuffling for 
some m inutes, she, too, fell silent. 
I’d ceased feeling sleepy, but I was very tir ed and my legs were aching badly. And 
now I realized that the silence of these people was telling on m y nerves. The only 
sound was a rather queer one; it came only now and then, and at first I was puzzled  
by it. However, after listening  attentively, I guessed what it was; the old m en were  
 8

sucking at the insides of their cheeks, a nd this caused the odd, wheezing noi ses that 
had m ystified me. They were so m uch abso rbed in their t houghts t hat they di dn’t 
know what they were up to. I even had an im pression t hat the dead body in their 
midst meant nothing at all to them . But now I suspect that I was m istaken about thi s. 
We all drank the coffee, which the ke eper handed round.  After that, I can’t 
remember m uch; somehow the night  went by. I can recall only one moment; I had 
opened my eyes and I saw the old men sl eeping hunched up on their chairs, with one  
exception. Resting his chin on his hands clas ped round hi s stick, he  was staring hard 
at me, as if he had been waiting for m e to wake. Then I fell asleep again. I woke  up 
after a bit, because the ache in my l egs had developed into a sort of cramp. 
There was a glimmer of dawn above the s kylight. A m inute or two later one of the 
old m en woke up and coughed repeatedly. He spat into a big check handkerchief, and 
each time he spat it sounded as if he were  retching. This woke the ot hers, and t he 
keeper told them it was ti me to mak e a m ove. They all got up at once. Their faces  
were ashen gray aft er the long, uneasy vig il. To m y surprise each of them  shook 
hands wit h me, as though this night togeth er, in which we hadn’t exchanged a word, 
had created a kind of intimacy between us. 
I was quit e done in. The keeper took m e to his room, and I tidied m yself up a bit.  
He gave me some m ore “wh ite” coffee, and it seemed to  do me good. When I went 
out, the sun was up a nd the sky m ottled red above the hills betw een Marengo and the 
sea. A mo rning breeze was blowing and it ha d a pleasant s alty tang. There was t he 
prom ise of a very fine day. I hadn’t been in the country for ages, and I caught m yself 
thinking what an agreeable walk I could ha ve had, if it hadn’t been for Mother. 
As it was, I waited in the courtyard, under a plane tree. I sniffed the sm ells of t he 
cool earth and found I wasn’t  sleepy any m ore. Then I thought of t he other fellows in 
the office. At this hour they’d be getting up,  preparing to go to work; for me this was 
always the worst hour of the day. I went on thinki ng, like this, for ten m inutes or so; 
then the sound of a  bell insi de the buildin g attracted m y atte ntion. I could see 
movements behind the windows; then all wa s calm again. The sun had risen a little  
higher and was beginning to warm  my feet. The keeper came across the yard and 
said the warden wis hed to see m e. I went to his office and he got me to sign some 
document. I noticed that he was in black, w ith pin-stripe trousers. He picked up the 
telephone receiver and looked at me. 
“The undertaker’s men arrive d some moments ago, and th ey will be going to the 
mortuary to screw down the coffin. Shall I te ll them  to wait, for you to have a last 
glimpse of your m other?” 
“No,” I said. 
He spoke into the receiver, lo wering his voice. “That’s all right, Figeac. Tell the 
men to go there now.” 
 9

He then inform ed me that he was going to  attend the funeral, and I thanked him . 
Sitting down behind his desk, he crossed hi s short legs and leaned back. Besides the 
nurse on duty, he tol d me, he and I would be  the only m ourners at the funeral. It was 
a rule of the Hom e that inmates shoul dn’t attend funerals , though t here was no 
objection t o letting some of them sit up beside the coffin, the night before. 
“It’s for t heir own sakes,” he explained,  “to spare their feelings. But in this 
particular instance I’ve given perm ission to an old friend of your m other to come 
with us. His nam e is Thomas Pérez.” The wa rden sm iled. “It’s a rather touching little 
story in its way. He and you r mother had become al most inseparable. The other old 
people used to tease Pérez about having a fiancée. ‘When are you goi ng to m arry 
her?’ they’d ask. He’d t urn it with a laugh. It  was a standi ng joke, in fact. So, as you 
can guess, he feels very ba dly about your m other’s death. I thought  I couldn’t 
decently refuse him permission to attend the funeral. But, o n our medical officer’s 
advice, I forbade him to sit up beside the body last night.” 
For som e time we sat there without speaki ng. Then the warden got up and went to 
the window. Presently he said: 
“Ah, there’s the padre from Marengo. He’s a bit ahead of time.” 
He warned m e that it would t ake us a good three quarters of an hour, walking to  
the church, which was in the villa ge. Then  we went downstairs. 
The priest was waiting just outside the mortuary door. W ith him  were t wo 
acolytes, one of whom  had a censer. The pr iest was stooping ove r him , adjusting th e 
length of t he silver chain on which it hung. When he saw us he straight ened up and 
said a few words to me, addressing m e as, “My son.” Then he led the way into the 
mortuary. 
I noticed at once that four men in black were standing behind the coffi n and the 
screws in the lid had now been driven home.  At the same m oment I heard the warden 
remark that the hearse had arrived, a nd the priest starting his prayers. Then 
everybody made a move. Holdi ng a strip of bl ack cl oth, the four m en approached the 
coffin, while the priest, the boys, and myself  filed out. A lady I hadn’t seen before 
was standing by the door. “Thi s is Monsi eur Meursault,” the warden said to her. I 
didn’t catch her name, but I gathered she wa s a nursing sister attach ed to the Home. 
When I was introduced, she bowed, without  the trace of a sm ile on her long, gaunt 
face. We stood aside from the doorway to let the coffin by; then, following the  
bearers down a corridor, we came to the fr ont entrance, wh ere a hearse was waiting. 
Oblong, gl ossy, varni shed black all over, i t vaguely rem inded me of the pen trays i n 
the office. 
Beside the hearse stood a quaintly dressed little -m an, whose duty it was, I 
understood, to supervise the funeral, as a sort of master of ceremonies. Near him, 
looki ng constrained, alm ost bashful, was ol d M. Pérez, my moth er’s special friend. 
He wore a soft felt  hat with a puddin g-basin crown and a very wide brim —he 
 10

whisked it  off the m oment the coffin emerged from  the doorway—trousers that 
concertina’d on his shoes, a black tie much too small fo r his hi gh white double collar. 
Under a bulbous, pi mply nose, his lips were trembling. But what caught m y attention 
most was his ears; pendulous, scarlet ears that showed up like blobs of sealing wax 
on the pallor of his cheeks and were fra med in wisps of silky white hair. 
The undertaker’s factotum  shepherded us to our pl aces, with the priest in front of 
the hearse, and the four men in black on each side of it. The warden and mys elf cam e 
next, and, bringing up the r ear, old Pérez and the nurse. 
The sky was already a blaze of light, and the air stoking up rapidl y. I felt the first 
waves of heat lapping m y back, and my da rk sui t made things worse. I couldn’t 
imagine why we waited so l ong for getti ng under way. Old Pérez,  who had put on his 
hat, took i t off again. I had turned sligh tly in his di rection and was looking at him 
when the warden started tellin g me m ore about him. I remem ber his saying that old 
Pérez and m y mother used oft en to have a longish stroll t ogether in the cool of the 
evening; sometim es they we nt as far as the village, accompanied by a nurse, of 
course. 
I looked at the countryside, at  the long lines of cypresses sl oping up t oward the 
skyline and the hills,  the hot re d soil dapp led with vivid green, and here and there a 
lonely house sharply outli ned against the light—and I could understa nd Mother’s 
feelings. Evenings in these parts must be a sort of mournful sol ace. Now, in the full  
glare of the m orning sun, with everythi ng shimmering in the  heat haze, there was 
something inhum an, discouragi ng, about this landscape. 
At last we mad e a move. On ly then I noticed that  Pére z had a slight limp. The old 
chap steadily lost ground as the hearse gain ed speed. One of the men beside it, too, 
fell back and drew level with me. I was surprised to see how quickl y the sun was 
climbing up the sky, and just  then it st ruck me that for quite a  while the air had be en 
throbbing with the hum  of insects and th e rustle of grass wa rming up. Sweat was 
runni ng down m y face. As I had no hat I trie d to fan m yself with m y handkerchief. 
The undertaker’s man turned t o me and said  something t hat I didn’t catch. At that  
same time he wiped the crown of his head w ith a handkerchief that he held in his left 
hand, while with his right he  tilted up his hat. I asked him  what he’d said. He pointed 
upward. 
“Sun’s pre tty bad today, ain’t it?” 
“Yes,” I said. 
After a while he asked: “Is it your m other we’re burying?” 
“Yes,” I said again. 
“What was her age?” 
“Well, she was getting on.” As a m atter of fact, I didn’t know exactly how old she 
was. 
 11

After that he kept silent. Looking back, I saw Pérez lim ping al ong som e fifty yards 
behind. He was swinging his big felt hat at arm ’s length, trying to make the pace. I 
also had a look at the warden. He was wa lking with carefully m easured steps, 
econom izing every gesture. Beads of perspi ration glistened on his forehead, but he 
didn’t wipe them off. 
I had an im pression that our lit tle processi on was moving slightly faster. Wherever  
I looked I saw the same sun-drenched country side, and the sky was so dazzling that I 
dared not raise my eyes. Presently we st ruck a patch of freshly tarred road. A 
shimmer of heat played over it and one’s feet  squelched at each step, leaving bright 
black gashes. In front, the coachman’s gl ossy black hat looked like a lum p of the 
same sticky substa nce, poised above t he hearse. It gave one a que er, dream like 
impression, that bl ue-white glare overhead and all this blackness round one: the sl eek 
black of the hearse, t he dull black of the me n’s clothes, and the silvery-black gashes 
in the road. And then there were the sm ells, smells of hot  leather and horse dung 
from  the hearse, veined with whiffs of incense s moke. Wh at with these and th e 
hangover from  a poor night ’s sleep, I found m y eyes and thoughts growing blurred. 
I looked back again. Pérez seemed very far away now, alm ost hidden by the heat 
haze;  then, abruptly, he di sappeared altogether. After puzzling over it for a b it, I 
guessed that he had turned off t he road into the fields. Then I n oticed that there was a 
bend of the road a little way ah ead. Obviously  Pérez, who knew the district well, had  
taken a short cut, so as to catch up with us . He rejoined us soon after we were round 
the bend; then began to lose ground agai n. He took another s hort cut  and met us 
again farther on; in fact, this happened se veral times during the next half-hour. But 
soon I l ost interest in his m ovements; m y temples were throbbing and I could hardly 
drag m yself along. 
After that everything went with a rush; and also with such pre cision and matter-of-
factness that I remember har dly any de tails. Ex cept that when we were on th e 
outskirts of the village the nurse said something to m e. Her voice took me by 
surprise; it didn’t m atch her face at all; it was m usical and slightly trem ulous. What 
she said was: “If you go too sl owly there’s the risk of a h eatstroke. But, if you go t oo 
fast, you perspire, and the cold air in th e church gives you a chill.” I saw her point; 
either way one was in for it. 
Some other memories of the funeral have  stuck in my mind. The old boy’s face,  
for instance, when he caught up with us for the last time, just outside the village. His 
eyes were streaming with tears, of exha ustion or distress, or bot h together. But 
because of the wrinkles they co uldn’t flow  down. They spread out, crisscrossed, and 
formed a s mooth gloss on the old, worn face. 
And I can  remem ber the look of the chur ch, the villagers in the street, the red  
geranium s on the graves, Pérez’s fainting fit—he crum pled up like a rag doll—the 
tawny-red earth pattering on Mother’s coffin, the bits of white roots m ixed up with it; 
 12

then m ore people, voices, the wait outside a caf é for the bus, the rumbl e of the 
engine, and m y little thrill of pleasure wh en we  entered the first brightly lit streets of 
Algiers, and I pictured m yself going st raight t o bed and sleeping twelve hours at  a 
stretch. 
 
 13

II 
ON WAKING I understood why m y employer ha d looked rather cross when I asked 
for m y two days off;  it’s a Saturday today. I hadn’t thought of this at the time; it only 
struck me when I was getting out of bed. Obviousl y he had seen that it would mean 
my getting four days’ holiday straight off,  and one couldn’t expect him t o like that. 
Still, for one thing, it wasn’t my fault if  Mother was buried yest erday and not today; 
and then, again, I’d have had m y Saturday  and Sunday off i n any case. But naturally 
this didn’t prevent me from seeing m y employer’s point. 
Getting up was an effort, as I’d been r eally exhausted by the previous day’s 
experiences. While shaving, I wondered how to spend the morning, and decided that 
a swim would do m e good. So I caught the streetcar that goes down to the harbor. 
It was qui te like old tim es; a lot of young people were in t he swimming pool , 
amongst them  Marie Cardona, who used to be a typist at the office. I was rather keen 
on her i n those days, and I fancy she liked me, too. But she was with us so short a 
time that n othing came of it. 
While I was helping her to clim b on to a raft, I let m y hand st ray over her breasts. 
Then she lay flat on the raft, while I tr od water. After a moment she turned and  
looked at me. Her hair was over her eyes and she was la ughing. I clam bered up on to 
the raft, b eside her. The air was pleas antly warm , and, half joki ngly, I let m y head 
sink back upon her l ap. She didn’t seem  to m ind, so I let it stay there. I had the sky 
full i n my eyes, all blue and gol d, and I c ould feel Marie’s stomach rising and falli ng 
gently under m y head. We m ust have stay ed a good half-hour on the raft, both of us 
half asleep. When the sun got t oo hot she dived off and I foll owed. I caught up wit h 
her, put my arm  round her wa ist, and we swam side by side. She was still laughing.  
While we were drying oursel ves on t he edge of t he swimm ing pool  she said: “I’m  
browner t han you.” I asked he r if she’d com e to the movies  with me that evening. 
She laughed again and said, “Yes,” if I’d take her to the comedy everybody was 
talking about, the one with Fernandel in it. 
When we had dressed, she star ed at my b lack tie an d asked if I was in mourni ng. I 
explained that m y mother had died. “When ?” she asked, and I said, “Yesterday.” She 
made no rem ark, though I thought she  shrank away a little. I was just going to 
explain to her that it wasn’t m y fault, but  I checked mys elf, as  I remem bered having 
said the same thing to m y employer, and realizing then it  sounded rather fool ish. 
Still, foolish or not, somehow one can’t  help feeling a bit guilty, I suppose. 
Anyhow, by evening Marie had forgotten all about  it. The fil m was funny i n parts, 
but som e of it was downright stupid. She pr essed her leg against mine while we were 
in the picture house, and I was fondl ing he r breast. Toward the end of the show I 
kissed her, but rather clu msily. Afterwar d she came back with  me to my  place. 
 14

When I woke up, Marie had gone. She’d told  me h er aunt ex pected her  first thing 
in the m orning. I re mem bered it was a Sunday,  and that put me o ff; I’ve never cared 
for Sunda ys. So I turned m y head and lazily  sniffed the sm ell of brine that Marie’s 
head had left on the pillow. I slept until ten.  After that I stayed in bed until noon, 
smoking cigarettes. I decided not to lunch at  Céleste’s restaurant as I usually did; 
they’d be sure to pester m e with questions, and I di slike being questioned. So I fried 
some eggs and ate them  off the pan. I did without bread as there wasn’t any left, and 
I couldn’t be bothered going down to buy it. 
After lunch I felt at loose ends and roamed  about the little flat. It suited us well 
enough w hen Mother was with m e, but now th at I was by m yself it was too large and 
I’d m oved the dini ng table into m y bedroom . That was now the only room  I used; it  
had all the furniture I needed: a brass beds tead, a dressing table, so me cane ch airs 
whose seats had m ore or less caved in, a wardrobe with a tarnished m irror. The rest 
of the flat was nev er used, so I didn’t trouble to look after it. 
A bit later, for want  of anyt hing better t o do, I pic ked up an old newspaper that 
was lying on the floor and read it. There wa s an ad vertisement of Kruschen Salts and  
I cut it out and pasted in into an album wh ere I keep things th at amu se me in t he 
papers. Then I washed m y hands and, as a last resource, went out on to the balcony. 
My bedroom  overlooks the main street of our district. Though it  was a fine 
afternoon, the paving blocks were black and glisteni ng. What few people were about 
seemed in an absurd hurry. First of all there came a fam ily, going for t heir Sunda y-
afternoon walk; two small boys in sailor suit s, with shor t trousers hardly down to 
their knees, and looking rather uneasy in their Sunday best; then a little girl with a 
big pink bow and black patent-leather s hoes. Behind them was their mother, an 
enorm ously fat wo man in a brown silk dr ess, and their father , a dapper little man , 
whom I knew by sight. He had a straw hat, a walking stic k, and a butterfly tie. Seeing 
him beside his wife, I understood why peopl e said he came of a good fam ily and had 
married beneath him . 
Next came a group of young fellows, the local  “bloods,” with sleek oiled hair, red 
ties, coats cut very tight at the waist, braided pockets, and s quare-t oed shoes. I 
guessed they were going to on e of the big theaters in the center of the town. That was  
why they had started out so early and were hurrying to th e streetcar stop, laughing 
and talking at the top of their voices. 
After they had passed, the street gradually  emptied. By this time all the matinees 
must have begun. Only a few shopkeep ers and cats rem ained about. Above the 
sycam ores bordering the road the sky was cloudless, but the light was soft. The 
tobacconist on the ot her side of the street brought a chair out on to the pavem ent in 
front of hi s door and sat astride it, resting his arm s on the back. The streetcars which 
a few m inutes before had been crowded we re now alm ost em pty. In the little café, 
 15

Chez Pierrot, beside the tobacconist’s, th e waiter was sweeping up the sawdust in the 
empty restaurant. A typical Sunday afternoon. ... 
I turned my chair round and seat ed myse lf like the tobacconist, as it was more 
comfortable that way. After sm oking a couple of cigarettes I went back to the room , 
got a tablet of chocolate, and returned t o the window to eat it. Soon after, the sky 
clouded over, and I thought a summer stor m was com ing. However, the clouds 
gradually lifted. All the same, they had left in  the street a sort of threat of rain, which 
made it darker. I stayed watching the sky for quite a while. 
At five there was a loud clanging of streetcars. They were com ing from  the 
stadium in our suburb where there had been a football match. Even the back  
platform s were crowded and people were standing on the steps. Then another 
streetcar b rought back the teams. I knew th ey were the players by the little suitcase 
each m an carried. They were bawling out their te am song, “Keep the ball rolli ng, 
boys.” One of them looked up at me an d shouted,  “We licked them !” I waved my 
hand and called back, “Good work!” From  now on there was a steady stream  of 
private car s. 
The sky had changed again; a reddish  glow was spreading up beyond the 
housetops. As dusk set in, the street grew more crowded. People were returning from 
their walks, and I noticed the dapper little  man with the fat wife  amongst the passers-
by. Children were whim pering and trail ing w earily after their parents.  After some 
minutes the local picture houses disgorge d their audiences. I noticed that the young  
fellows com ing from them  were taking longe r stri des and gesturing m ore vigorously 
than at ordinary times; doubt less the picture they’d been seeing was of the wild-West 
variety. Those who had been t o the pictur e houses i n the m iddle of t he town came a 
little later, and looked m ore sedate, though a few were still laughing. On the whole, 
however, they seemed languid and exhausted. Some of th em rem ained loitering in 
the street under m y window. A group of girls came by, walking arm  in arm . The 
young m en under m y window swerved so as  to brush against them, and shouted 
humorous rem arks, which m ade the girls tu rn thei r heads and giggle. I recognized 
them  as gi rls from  my part of the t own, and two or t hree of them , whom  I knew, 
looked up and waved to m e. 
Just then the street l amps came on, all to gether, an d they made the star s that wer e 
beginning to glimmer in the night sky pa ler still. I felt m y eyes getting tired, what  
with the lights and all the m ovement I’d b een watching in the street. There were little 
pools of brightness under the lamps, and now and t hen a streetcar passed, lighting up 
a girl’s hair, or a sm ile, or a silver bangle. 
Soon after this, as the str eetcars became fewer and the sky showed velvety black 
above the trees and lam ps, the street grew  emptier, alm ost imperceptibly, until a time 
came when there was nobody t o be seen and a cat, the first of th e evening, crossed, 
unhurryi ng, the deserted street. 
 16

It struck me that I’d better see about so me dinner. I had been leaning so long on 
the back of m y chair, looking down, that my neck hurt when I straight ened m yself 
up. I went down, bought som e bread and sp aghetti, did m y cooking, and ate m y meal 
standing. I’d intended to sm oke another ci garette at m y window, but the night had 
turned rather chilly a nd I decided against it. As I was com ing back, after shutting the 
window, I glanced at  the mirror and saw reflect ed in it a corner of  my table with my  
spirit lam p and som e bits of bread beside it. It occurred to me that som ehow I’d got 
through another Sunday, that Mother now  was buried, and tom orrow I’d be going 
back to work as usual. Really , nothi ng in m y life had changed. 
 17

III 
I HAD a busy m orning in the office. My employer was in a good hum or. He even 
inqui red if I wasn’t t oo tired, and followe d it up by asking what Mother’s age was. I 
thought a bit, then answered, “Round about  sixt y,” as I didn’t want  to make a 
blunder. At which he looke d relieved—why, I can’t imag ine—and seemed to thi nk 
that closed the matter . 
There was a pile of bills of la ding waiti ng on m y desk, and I had to go through 
them  all. Before leaving for lunch I washed my hands. I always enjoyed doing this at  
midday. In the evening it was less pleasant, as  the roller towel, after being used by so  
many people, was soppi ng wet. I once brought this to m y employer’s notice. It w as 
regrettable, he agreed—but, to his m ind, a mere d etail. I left the office building a 
little later than usual, at h alf-past tw elve, with Emmanuel, who works in th e 
Forwarding Department. Our building overl ooks the sea, and we paused for a 
moment on the steps to look at the shippi ng in the. harbor. The sun was scorching 
hot. Just t hen a big truck came up, with  a din of chains and backfires from  the 
engine, and Emmanuel suggested we should try to jump it. I started to run. The truck 
was well away, and we had to chase it for qui te a distance. W hat with the heat an d 
the noise from  the engine, I felt half dazed. All I was conscious of was our mad rush 
along the water front, am ongst cranes and winc hes, with dark hulls of ships alongsi de 
and m asts swaying in the offing. I was the first to catch up with the truck. I took a 
flying jum p, landed safely, and helped Emma nuel to scram ble in beside me. We were 
both of us out of breath, and the bum ps of the truck on the roughly laid cobbles made 
things worse. Emmanuel chuckled, and pa nted in my  ear, “We’ ve made it !” 
By the time we reach ed Célest e’s restaurant  we were drippi ng with sweat. Céleste  
was at his usual place beside the entrance, with his apron bulging on his paunch, his  
white m ustache well to the fo re. When h e saw me he wa s sym pathetic and “hoped I 
wasn’t feeling t oo badly.” I said, “No,” but I was extrem ely hungry.  I ate very 
quickly and had some coffee to  finish up. Then I went to  my place and took a short 
nap, as I’d drunk a gl ass of wine too m any. 
When I woke I sm oked a cigarette before getting off m y bed. I was a bit late and  
had to run for the street car. Th e office was s tifling,  and I was kept  hard at it all the 
afternoon.  So it came as a relief when we  closed down and I was stroll ing sl owly 
along the wharves in the cool ness. The sky was green, and it was pleasant to be out-
of-doors a fter the stuffy office.  However, I went straight hom e, as I had to put som e 
potatoes on to boil. 
The hall was dark and, when I was starting up t he stairs, I almost bum ped into old 
Salamano, who lived on the same floor as I.  As usual, he had his dog with him . For 
eight years the two had been inseparable.  Salamano’s spaniel is an ugly brute, 
 18

afflicted with some skin disease—mange, I suspect; anyhow, it has lost all its hair 
and its body is covered with brown scabs. Perhaps through li ving in one small room,  
cooped up with his dog, Salama no has com e to resem ble it. His towy hair has gone 
very thin, and he has reddish blotches  on his face. And the dog has developed 
something of its m aster’s queer hunched-up  gait; it always has its m uzzle stretched 
far forward and its nose to the ground. Bu t, oddly enough, though so m uch alike, 
they detest each other. 
Twice a day, at elev en and six, the ol d fellow takes his dog for a walk, and for 
eight years that walk has never varied. You can see them in the rue de Lyon, the dog  
pulling his master along as hard as he can, till finally the old chap m isses a step and 
nearly falls. Then he beats his dog and calls it names. The dog cow ers and lags 
behind, and it’s his master’s turn to dra g him along. Presently the dog forgets, st arts 
tuggi ng at the leash again, gets another hi ding and m ore abuse. Th en they halt on the 
pavem ent, the pair of them, and glare at each other; the dog with terror and the man 
with hatred in his eyes. Every time they’re  out, thi s happens. When the dog wants to 
stop at a l amppost, the old boy won’t le t him, and drags hi m on, and the wretched 
spaniel leaves behind him  a trail of little drops.  But, if he  does it in the room, it 
means another hiding. 
It’s been going on li ke this for eight year s, and Céleste always says it’s a “crying 
sham e,” and som ething should be done about it; but really one can’t be sure. When I 
met him in the hall, Salamano was bawling at his dog, calling him a bastard, a lousy 
mongrel, and so fort h, and the dog was whin ing. I said, “Good evening,” but the old 
fellow took no notic e and went on cursing. So I thought I’d  ask him  what the dog had 
done. Again, he didn’t answer, but went on shouti ng, “You bloody cur!” and the rest 
of it. I couldn’t  see very clearly, but he se emed to be fixing something on the dog’s 
collar. I raised m y voice a little. Without lo oking round, he m umbled in a sort of 
suppressed fury: “He’s always in the way, blast him! ” Then  he started up the stai rs, 
but the dog tried to resist and flattened itsel f out on the floor, so he had to haul it up 
on the leas h, step by step. 
Just t hen another m an who li ves on m y floor came in from  the street. The general 
idea hereabouts i s that he’s a pim p. But if you ask him  what his job i s, he says he’s a 
warehouseman. One thing’s sure: he isn’t popu lar in our street. Still, he often has a 
word for me, and drops i n sometimes for a short talk in m y room , because I listen to 
him. As a m atter of fact, I find what he says quite interesting. So, really I’ve no  
reason for freezing him  off. His name is Sintès; Ray mond Sintès. He’s short and 
thick-set, has a nose like a boxer’s, and alwa ys dresses very sprucely. He, too, once 
said to m e, referring to Salamano, that it  was “a damn ed shame,” and asked me if I 
wasn’t disgusted by the way the old m an served his dog. I answered: “No.” 
We went up the stairs together, Sintès and I, and when I was turning i n at m y door, 
he said: 
 19

“Look here! How about havi ng som e grub wit h me? I’ve a black puddi ng and 
some wine.” 
It struck me that this would sa ve m y having to cook m y dinner, so I said, “Thanks 
very mu ch.” 
He, too, has only one room , and a little kitchen without a window. I saw a pink-
and-white plaster angel above  his bed, and som e photos of sporti ng cham pions and 
naked girl s pinned t o the opposite wall. Th e bed hadn’t been m ade and the room  was 
dirty. He began by lighting a paraffin lam p; then fum bled in his pocket and produced 
a rather grim y bandage, which he wrapped round hi s right hand. I asked him  what the 
trouble was. He told m e he’d been  having a roughhouse w ith a fellow who’d 
annoyed him. 
“I’m  not one who looks for trouble,” he e xplained, “onl y I’m  a bit short-tem pered.  
That fellow said to me, challenging-like, ‘C ome d own off that streetcar, if you’re a 
man.’ I says, ‘You keep quiet, I ain’t  done nothi ng to you.’ Then he  said I hadn’t any 
guts. Well, that settled it. I got down off the streetcar and I said to him , ‘You better 
keep your m outh shut, or I’ll shut it for you.’ ‘I’d l ike to see you try!’ says he. Then I 
gave him  one across the face, and laid him out good and pr oper. After a bit I started 
to help hi m get up, but all he did was to ki ck at me from wh ere he  lay. So I gave him  
one with m y knee and a couple m ore swip es. He was bleeding like a pig when I’d 
done with him . I asked him  if he’d  had enough, and he said, ‘Yes.’ ” 
Sintès was busy fixing his bandage while he talked, and I wa s sitting on the bed. 
“So you see,” he said, “it wasn’t m y fault; he was asking for it, wasn’t he?” 
I nodded, and he added: 
“As a matter of fact, I rather want to  ask your advice about som ething; it ’s 
connected with this business. You’ve knoc ked about the world a bit, and I daresay 
you can help m e. And then I’l l be your pal for life; I never forg et anyone who does 
me a good turn.” 
When I made no comment, he asked me if I’d like us to be pals. I replie d that I had 
no objection, and that appeared to satisfy  him. He got out t he black pudding, cooked 
it in a frying pan, then laid the table, putting out two bottles of wine. While he was 
doing this he didn’t speak. 
We started dinner, and then he began telling me the whole story, hesitating a bit at 
first. 
“There’s a girl behi nd it—as  usual. We slept together pretty regular. I was keeping 
her, as a matter of fact, and she cost me  a tidy sum. That fellow I knocked down is 
her brothe r.” 
Noticing that I said nothi ng, he added th at he knew what the neighbors said about 
him, but it was a filthy lie. He had his pr inciples like everybody else, and a job in a 
warehouse. 
 20

“Well,” he said, “to go on with m y story ... I found out one day that she was letting 
me down.” He gave her enough m oney to keep her goi ng, without extravagance, 
though; he paid the rent of her room  and twenty francs a day for food. “Three 
hundred francs for rent, and six hundred for he r grub, with a little present thrown in 
now and t hen, a pair of stocki ngs or wh atnot. Say, a thousand francs a m onth. But 
that wasn’t enough for m y fine lady; she was always grum bling that she couldn’t 
make both ends meet with what I gave her.  So one day I says t o her, ‘Look here, why 
not get a job for a few hours a day? That’d make things easier for m e, too. I bought 
you a new dress this m onth, I pay your rent and gi ve you twenty francs a day. But 
you go and waste your m oney at the café with a pack of girl s. You give them  coffee 
and sugar.  And, of course , the m oney comes out of m y pocket. I treat you on t he 
square, and that’s how you pay me back.’ Bu t she wouldn’t hear of working, though 
she kept on saying she couldn’t make do with  what I gave her. And then one day I 
found out she was doing m e dirt.” 
He went on to explain that he’d found a  lottery t icket in her bag, and, when he 
asked where the m oney’d com e from  to buy it, she wouldn’t t ell him . Then, another 
time, h e’d found a pawn ticket f or two bracel ets that he’d never set ey es on. 
“So I kne w there was dirty w ork going on, and I told her I’d ha ve nothing m ore to 
do with her. But, first, I gave her a good hiding, and I t old her som e home truths. I 
said that there was only one thing interest ed her and that was getting into bed with 
men whenever she’d the ch ance. And I warned her straight , ‘You’ll be sorry one day, 
my girl, and wish you’d got me back. All th e girls in the street, they ’re jealous of  
your luck i n having me to keep you.’ ” 
He’d beaten her till the blood came. Before th at he’d never beaten her. “Well, not 
hard, anyhow; onl y affectionately-like. Sh e’d howl a bit, and I had to shut t he 
window. Then, of course, it ended as per us ual. But this time I’m done with her. 
Only, to my m ind, I ain’t punish ed her enough. S ee what I mean?” 
He explained that it  was a bout this he wanted m y advice. The lam p was sm oking,  
and he stopped pacing up and down the  room , to lower the wick. I just listened, 
without speaking. I’d had a whole bottle of wine to myself and my head was buzzing.  
As I’d used up m y cigarettes I was sm oking Raym ond’s. Some late streetcars passed, 
and the last noi ses of the st reet died of f with them. Raym ond went on ta lking. W hat 
bored him  was that he had “a sort of lech  on her” as he called it. But he was quite 
deter mined to teach her a l esson. 
His first i dea, he said, had been to take her to a hotel, and then call in the special 
police. He’d persuade them  to put her on the register as a “co mmon prostitute,” and  
that would make her wild. Then he’d looked up som e friends of his in the 
underworl d, fellows who kept tarts for what they could m ake out of them, but they 
had practically nothing to sugges t. Still, as he pointed out, that sort of thing should 
have been right  up t heir street; what’s t he good of being i n that line if you don’t 
 21

know how to treat a girl who’s let you down? When he told them  that, they suggested 
he shoul d “brand” her. But that wasn’t what he wanted, either. It would need a lot of 
thinking out. ... But, first, he’d like to ask me somet hing. Before he asked it, though, 
he’d like to have m y opinion of the stor y he’d been telling, in a general way. 
I said I hadn’t any, but I’d found it interesting. 
Did I think she really had done him  dirt? 
I had to adm it it looked like that. Then he asked me if I didn’t t hink she shoul d be 
punished and what I’d do if I were in his s hoes. I told him  one could never be quite 
sure how to act in su ch cases, b ut I quite understood his wanting her to suffer for it. 
I drank some m ore wine, while Ray mond lit another ciga rette and began 
explaining what he proposed t o do. He want ed to write her a lette r, “a real stinker, 
that’ll get her on the raw,” and at the same time make her repent of what she’d done. 
Then, when she came back, he’d go to bed w ith her and, just when she was “properly 
primed up,” he’d spit in he r face and throw her out of th e room. I agreed it wasn’t a 
bad plan; it would punish her, all right. 
But, Raym ond told me, he didn’t feel up to writ ing the ki nd of lette r that was 
needed, and that was where I could help. Wh en I di dn’t say a nythi ng, he asked me if 
I’d m ind doing it ri ght away, and I said, “No,” I’d have a shot at it. 
He drank off a glass of wine and st ood up . Then he pushed aside the plates and the 
bit of cold pudding t hat was left, to m ake room  on the table. After carefully wipi ng 
the oilcloth, he got a sheet of squared pa per from the drawer of his bedside table; 
after that, an envelope, a small red woode n penholder, and a square inkpot wit h 
purple ink in it. The m oment he mentione d the girl’s nam e I knew she was a Moor. 
I wrote the letter. I didn’t take m uch tr ouble over it, but  I wanted to satisfy 
Raym ond, as I’d no reason not to satisfy hi m. Then I read out what I’d written. 
Puffing at his cigarette, he listened, nodding now and then. “Read it agai n, please,” 
he said. He seemed delighted . “That’s the stuff,” he chuc kled. “I could t ell you was a 
brainy sort , old boy, and you know what’s what.” 
At first I hardly not iced that “ol d boy.” It  came back to me wh en he slapped me on 
the shoulder and said, “So now we’re pals, ai n’t we?” I kept silence and he said it 
again. I didn’t care one way or the other, but as he seemed so  set on it, I nodded and 
said, “Yes.” 
He put the letter into the envelope and we  finished off the wine. Then both of us 
smoked for som e minutes, without speaking. The street was quite quiet, except when 
now and again a car passed. Finally, I remarked that it was getting late, an d 
Raym ond agreed. “Time’s gone m ighty fast th is evening,” he added, and in a way 
that was true. I wanted to be in bed, only it was such an effort  making a m ove. I must 
have looked tired, for Raym ond said to me , “You m ustn’t let things get  you down.” 
At first I didn’t catch his m eaning. Then he explained that he  had heard of my 
 22

mother’s death; anyhow, he said, that wa s something bound to happen one day or 
another. I appreciated that, and told him  so. 
When I rose, Raym ond shook hands very warm ly, remarking t hat men always 
understood each other. After  closing th e door behind m e I lingered for some 
moments on the landing. The whole buil ding wa s as quiet as the grave, a dank, dark  
smell risi ng from  the well hole of t he stai rs. I could hear not hing but t he blood 
throbbing in m y ears, and for a while I st ood still, listening to it. Then the dog began 
to m oan in old Salamano’s room , and through the sleep-bound house the little  
plaintive sound rose slowly, like a fl ower growing out  of the si lence and the 
darkness. 
 23

IV 
I HAD a busy tim e in the office throughout the week. Ray mond dropped in once to 
tell m e he’d sent off the le tter. I went to the pictures  twice with Emmanuel, who 
doesn’t al ways understand what ’s happening on the screen a nd asks me to explain it. 
Yesterday  was Satu rday, and Marie came as we’d arranged.  She had a very pretty 
dress, with red and white stri pes, and leather sandals, and I couldn’t take m y eyes off 
her. One could see the outline of her fi rm little breasts, and her sun-tanned face was  
like a velvety brow n flower. We took the bus and went to a beach I know, some 
miles out of Algiers.  It’s j ust a strip of sand between two rocky spurs, with a line of 
rushes at the back, along the tide line. At four o’cloc k the sun wasn’t too hot, but t he 
water was pleasantly tepid, and small, languid ri pples were creeping up t he sand. 
Marie taught m e a new game. The idea was,  while one swam, to suck in the spray 
off the waves and, when one’s m outh was full of foam, to lie on one’s back and spout  
it out against the sky. It made a sort of fro thy haze that melted  into the air or fell back 
in a war m shower on one’s cheeks. But ve ry soon m y mouth was smarting with all 
the salt I’d drawn in; then Marie came up and hugged m e in the water, and pressed 
her m outh to m ine. Her tongue cooled m y lips, and we let the wa ves roll us about for 
a minute or two before swi mming back to the beach. 
When we had finished dressing, Mari e looked hard at me . Her eyes were 
sparkling. I kissed her; after that neither of  us spoke for quite a while. I pressed her to 
my side as we scram bled up th e foreshore. Both of us were in a hurry to catch th e 
bus, get back to m y place, and tum ble on t o the bed. I’d left m y window open, and it  
was pleasant to feel the cool night  air flowing over our sunburned bodies. 
Marie said she was free next m orning, so  I proposed she should have luncheon 
with me. She agreed, and I went down to buy som e meat. On m y way back I heard a 
wom an’s voice in Raym ond’s room . A little la ter old Salamano started grum bling at 
his dog and presently there was a sound of boot s and paws on the wooden stairs; 
then, “Fil thy brute! Get on, yo u cur!” and the two of them went out  into the street. I 
told Marie about the old m an’s habits, and it made her laugh. She was wearing one of 
my pajama suits, and had t he sleeves ro lled up. When she laughed I wanted her 
again. A m oment later she asked m e if I love d her. I said that so rt of question had no 
meaning, really; but I supposed I didn’t. Sh e looked sad for a bit, but when we were 
getting our lunch ready she bri ghtened up and start ed laughing, and when she laughs 
I always want to kiss her. It was  just th en that the row started i n Raymond’s room. 
First we heard a woman saying som ething in a high-pitched voi ce; then Ray mond  
bawling at her, “You let me down, you bitch! I’ll learn you to let me down!” There 
came some thuds, then a piercing scream —it made one’s bl ood run col d—and in a 
moment there was a crowd of people on the la nding. Marie and I went out to see. The 
 24

wom an was still scream ing and Raymond s till knocking her about.  Marie said, 
wasn’t it horri ble! I didn’t answer anything.  Then she asked me to go and fetch a 
policem an, but I told her I didn’t like police men. However, one tu rned up presently;  
the lodger on the second floor, a plum ber, came up, with him. When he banged on 
the door t he noise st opped insi de the room. He knocked again, and, after a m oment, 
the wom an started crying, and Raym ond opened the door. He  had a cigarette 
dangling from  his underlip and a rather sickly sm ile. 
“Your na me?” Raym ond gave his name. “Tak e that cigarette out of your m outh 
when you’re talking to me,” the policeman said gruffly. Raym ond hesitated, glanced 
at me, and kept the cigare tte in his m outh. The policeman prom ptly swung his arm 
and gave him  a good hard smack  on the left cheek. The cigarette shot from  his lips 
and dropped a yard away. Ray mond m ade a wr y face, but said nothing for a m oment. 
Then in a hum ble tone he asked if  he m ightn’t pick up his cigarette. 
The officer said, “Y es,” and added: “But don’t you forget next  time that we don’t 
stand for any nonsense, not from guys like you.” 
Meanwhile the girl went on sobbing and re peating: “He hit me, the coward. He’s a 
pimp.” 
“Excuse me, officer,” Raym ond put in, “but is that in order, calling a man a pimp 
in the presence of wi tnesses?” 
The policeman told him to shut his trap. 
Raym ond then turne d to the girl. “Don’t you worry, m y pet. We’ll m eet again.” 
“That’s enough,” the policeman said, and told the girl to go away. Raym ond was 
to stay in his room  till summ oned to the po lice station. “You ought to be ashamed of 
yourself,” the policeman added,  “getting so tight you can’t  stand steady. Why, you’re 
shaking all  over!” 
“I’m  not tight,” Raym ond explained. “Only when I see you standing t here and 
looki ng at me, I can’t help trembling. That’s onl y natural.” 
Then he closed his door, and we all went  away. Marie and I finished getting our 
lunch ready. But she hadn’t any appetite, and I ate n early all. She left at on e, and then  
I had a nap. 
Toward three there was a knock at m y door and Raym ond came in. He sat down 
on the edge of m y bed and for a m inute or  two said nothi ng. I asked him how it had 
gone off. He said it had all gone quite sm oothly at fi rst, as per progra m; only then 
she’d slapped his face and he’d seen red, and started thrashing her. As for what  
happened after that, he needn’ t tell me, as I was there. 
“Well,” I said, “you t aught her a lesson, a ll right, and that’s what you wanted, isn’t 
it?” 
He agreed, and pointed out that whatever the police did, that wouldn’t change th e 
fact she’d had her punishm ent. As for the police, he knew exactly how to handle 
 25

them . But he’d like  to know  if I’d expected him to return the blow when the 
policem an hit him . 
I told him I hadn’t e xpected anythi ng w hatsoever and, anyhow, I had no use for 
the police. Raym ond seemed pleased and asked if I’d li ke to com e out for a strol l 
with him . I got up from  the bed and start ed brushing m y hair. Then Raym ond said 
that what he really wanted was for me to  act as his witness. I told him  I had no 
objection; only I di dn’t know what  he expected me to say. 
“It’s quite sim ple,” he rep lied. “You’ve only got t o tell them  that the girl had let 
me down.” 
So I agreed to be his witness. 
We went out together, a nd Raym ond stood me a brandy in  a café. Then we had a 
game of billiards; it was a close game an d I lost by only a few points. After that he 
proposed going to a  brot hel, but I refused; I didn’t feel like it. As we were walk ing 
slowly back he tol d me how pleased he  was at having paid out his m istress so 
satisfactorily. He made him self extremely amiable to m e, and I quite enjoyed our 
walk. 
When we were nearly hom e I saw old Sal amano on the doorst ep; he seemed very 
excited. I noticed that his dog wasn’t w ith him . He was turning like  a teetotum, 
looki ng in all directions, and sometimes peer ing into the darkness of the hall with his 
little bloodshot eyes. Then he’d m utter something to him self and start gazing up and  
down the street ag ain. 
Raym ond asked him what was wrong, but he didn’t answer at once. Then I heard 
him grunt,  “The bastard! The filthy cur!” When I a sked him  where his dog was, he 
scowled at me and snapped out, “Gone!” A m oment late r, all of a sudden, he 
launched out into it. 
“I’d taken him  to the Parade Ground as us ual. There was a fair on, and you coul d 
hardly m ove for the  crowd. I stopped at one of t he booths t o look at t he Handcuff 
King. When I turned to go, the dog was gone. I’d been meaning to get a sm aller 
collar, but I never thought the brute coul d slip it and get away like that.” 
Raym ond assured hi m the dog would find its  way hom e, and told him  stories of 
dogs that had traveled m iles and m iles to ge t back to their m asters. But this seemed 
to make th e old fellow ev en more worried than before. 
“Don’t you understa nd, they’ll  do away with him; the police, I mean. It’s not 
likely anyone will take him  in and look after him ; with all those scabs he puts 
everybody off.” 
I told him that there was a pound at t he poli ce station, where stray dogs are taken. 
His dog was certain to be t here and he could get it back on paym ent of a small 
charge. He asked me how m uch the char ge was , but there I couldn’t he lp him . Then 
he flew int o a rage ag ain. 
 26

“Is it likely I’d give m oney for a m utt lik e that? No dam ned fear! They can kill 
him, for all I care.” And he went on calling his dog the usual nam es. 
Raym ond gave a laugh and turned into t he hall. I followed him  upstairs, and we 
parted on the landing. A m inute or two later I heard Salam ano’s footsteps and a 
knock on m y door. 
When I opened it, he halted fo r a m oment in the doorway. 
“Excuse me ... I hope I’m not disturbing you.” 
I asked him in, but he shook his head. He  was staring at his toe caps, and the 
gnarled ol d hands were trem bling. Withou t meeting m y eyes, he started talking. 
“They won’t really t ake hi m from  me, will they, Monsieur  Meursault? Surely the y 
wouldn’t do a thing like that. If they do— I don’t know what wi ll becom e of me.” 
I told him  that, so far as I knew, they kept stray dogs in the pound for three days, 
waiting for their owners to call for them . Afte r that they disposed of the dogs as they 
thought fit . 
He stared at me in si lence for a m oment , then said, “Good eve ning.” Aft er that I 
heard him pacing up and down his room  for quite a while. Then his bed creaked. 
Through the wall there came to me a little wh eezing sound, and I gue ssed that he was 
weeping. For som e reason, I don’t  know wh at, I began thi nking of Mot her. But I had 
to get up early next day; so, as I wasn’t  feeling hungry, I did without  supper, and 
went straight to bed. 
 27

V 
RAYM OND rang me up at the office. He said  that a friend of his—t o whom  he’d 
spoken about m e—invited m e to spend ne xt Sunday at his little seaside bungalow 
just outside Algiers. I told him  I’d have been delighted; only I had prom ised to spend 
Sunday wi th a girl. Raym ond prom ptly replied that she could com e, too. In fact, his 
friend’s wi fe would be very pleased not to  be the only wom an in a party of m en. 
I’d have li ked to hang up at  once, as m y employer doesn’t  approve of m y using t he 
office phone for private calls . But Raymond asked me to hold on; he had something 
else to tell m e, and that was why he’d rung me up, though he could have waited till 
the evening to pass on the invit ation. 
“It’s like this,” he said. “I’ve been sh adowed all the m orning by som e Arabs. On e 
of them ’s the brother of that girl  I had the row with. If you see him hanging round the 
house when you come back, pass me the word.” 
I prom ised to do so. 
Just then m y employer sent for m e. For a mo ment I felt uneasy, as I expected h e 
was going to tell me to stick to m y work and not waste tim e chattering with friends 
over the phone. However, it was nothing of the kind. He wanted to discuss a project 
he had in view, though so far he’d com e to no decision. It was to open a branch at 
Paris, so as to be able to deal with the big com panies on the spot, wit hout posta l 
delays, and he wanted to know  if I’d like a post there. 
“You’re a young m an,” he said , “and I’m  pretty sure you’ d enjoy li ving in Paris. 
And, of course, you could travel  about France for some months in the year.” 
I told him  I was quit e prepared to go;  but really I di dn’t care m uch one way or the 
other. 
He then asked if a “change of life,” as he called  it, didn’t  appeal to m e, and I 
answered that one ne ver changed hi s way of life; one life was as good as another, and 
my present one suited me quite well. 
At this he looked rather hurt, and told me  that I always shilly-shallied,  and that I 
lacked ambition—a grave defect, to hi s mind, when one was in business. 
I returned to m y work. I’d have preferre d not  to vex him , but I saw no reason for 
“changing m y life.” By and large it wasn’t an unpl easant one. As a student I’d had 
plenty of am bition of the ki nd he meant. Bu t, when I had t o drop m y studies, I ve ry 
soon realized all that was pretty futile. 
Marie came that evening and asked me if I’d  marry her. I said I didn’t mind; if she 
was keen on it, we’d get married. 
Then she asked m e again if I loved her. I replied, much as before, that her question 
meant nothing or next to not hing—but I supposed I didn’t. 
“If that’s how you feel,” she said, “why marry me?” 
 28

I explained that i t had no im portance really , but, i f it would give her pl easure, we 
could get married right away. I poi nted out  that, anyhow, the suggesti on cam e from 
her; as for me, I’d m erely said, “Yes.” 
Then she r emarked that marriage was a serious matter. 
To which I answered : “No.” 
She kept silent after that, staring at me in a curious way. Then  she asked : 
“Suppose another gi rl had asked you to ma rry her—I m ean, a girl you liked in the 
same way as you like m e—would you ha ve said ‘Yes’ to her, too?” 
“Naturally.” 
Then she said she wondered if she really loved m e or not. I, of course, couldn’t  
enlighten her as to that. And, after anot her silence, she m urmured something about 
my being “a queer fellow.” “And I daresay that’s why I love you,” she added. “But 
maybe that’s why one day I’ll come to hate you.” 
To which I had nothi ng to say, so I said nothing. 
She thought for a bi t, then started sm iling and, taking m y arm, repeated that she 
was in earnest; she really  wanted to m arry me. 
“All right,” I answered. “We’ll get m arried  whenever you like .” I then mentioned 
the proposal made by m y employer, and Marie said she’d love to go to Paris. 
When I told her I’d lived in Paris for a while, she asked me wh at it was lik e. 
“A dingy sort of town, to m y mind. Ma sses of pigeons and dark court yards. And 
the people have washed-out, white faces.” 
Then we went for a walk all the way ac ross the town by the main streets. The 
wom en were good-l ookers, and I asked Marie if she, too, noticed this. She said, 
“Yes,” and that she saw what I meant. Af ter that we said not hing for some m inutes. 
However, as I di dn’t want her to leave me , I suggested we should dine together at 
Céleste’s. She’d have loved to dine w ith me, she said, only she was booked up for 
the evening. We wer e near  my place, and I said, “ Au revoir , then.” 
She looked me in the eyes. 
“Don’t you want to know what I’m  doing this evening?” 
I did want to know, but I hadn’t though t of asking her, and I guessed she was 
making a grievance of it. I must have looked em barrassed,  for suddenl y she started 
laughing a nd bent toward me, pouti ng her lips for a  kiss. 
I went by m yself to Céleste’s. When I ha d just start ed my dinner an odd-looking 
little woman came in  and asked if she m ight s it at my table. Of course she m ight. She 
had a chubby face lik e a ripe appl e, bright eyes, and m oved in a curiously jerky way, 
as if she were on wires. After taking o ff her closefitting jacket she sat down an d 
started studying the bill of fare with a sort  of rapt attention. Then she called Céleste 
and gave her order, very fast but quite distinctly; one didn’t lose a word. While 
waiting for the hors d’oeuvre she opened her bag, took out  a slip of paper and a 
pencil, and added up the bill in advance. Diving into her bag again, she produced a 
 29

purse and took from  it the exact sum , plus a small tip, and pla ced it on t he cloth in 
front of her. 
Just then the waiter brought the hors d’oe uvre, which she proceeded to wolf down 
voraciousl y. While waiting for the next cour se, she produced another pencil, this 
time a blue one, from  her ba g, and the radio mag azine for the co ming week, an d 
started making ticks against alm ost all the items of the daily program s. There were a 
dozen pages in the magazine, and she c ontinued studyi ng them  closely throughout  
the meal. When I’d finished m ine she wa s still ticking off item s with the same 
meticulous attention. Then she rose, put on her jacket again with the same abrupt, 
robot -like gestures, and walked briskl y out of the restaurant. 
Having nothing better to do, I followed her for a short distance. Keeping on the  
curb of the pavement, she walked straig ht ahead, never swerving or l ooking ba ck, 
and it was extraordinary how fast she cove red the ground, considering her sm allness. 
In fact, the pace was too m uch for m e, and I soon lost sight of her and turned back 
homeward. For a m oment the “little robot” (as I thought of he r) had m uch im pressed 
me, but I soon forgot  about her. 
As I was turning in at m y door I ran into  old Salamano. I asked him  into m y room,  
and he inform ed me that his dog was defi nitely lost. He’d been to the pound to 
inqui re, but it wasn’t there, and the sta ff told hi m it had probabl y been run over. 
When he asked them whether it was any use inquiring about it at the police station, 
they said the police had m ore im portant thin gs to attend to than keeping records of 
stray dogs run over in t he streets. I su ggested he shoul d ge t another dog, but, 
reasonably enough, he pointed out t hat he ’d becom e used t o this one, and it woul dn’t 
be the same thing. 
I was seated on m y bed, with m y legs  up, and Salamano on a chair beside the  
table, facing m e, his hands spread on his knees. He had kept on his battered felt hat 
and was mum bling away behind his draggled yellowish m ustache. I found him  rather 
boring, but I had not hing to do  and didn’t feel sleepy. So , to keep the conversation 
going, I asked som e questions about his dog— how long he had had it  and so fort h. 
He told me he had g ot it soon after his wife’s  death. He’d m arried rather late in life. 
When a young m an, he wanted to go on th e stage; during his m ilitary service he’d 
often played in the regim ental theatricals and acted rather well, so everybody sai d. 
However, finally, he had taken a job in the railway, and he didn’t regret it, as now he 
had a sm all pension.  He and his wife had never hi t it off very well, but they’d got 
used to each other, and when she died he felt lonely. One of his mates on the railway  
whose bit ch had just had pups had offe red him one, and he had taken it, as a 
companion. He’d had to feed it from  the bottle  at first. But, as a dog’s life is shorter 
than a man’s, they’d grown old together, so to speak. 
“He was a cantankerous brut e,” Salama no said. “Now and then we had some 
proper set-tos, he and I. But he was a good m utt all the same.” 
 30

I said he looked well bred, and that  evidently pleased the old man. 
“Ah, but you should have seen him  before his illness!” he said. “He had a  
wonderful  coat; in fact, that was his best point , really. I tried hard to cure  him; every 
mortal night after he got that  skin dise ase I rubbed an oint ment in. But his real 
trouble was old age, and there’s no curing that.” 
Just t hen I yawned, and the ol d man said he’d bet ter make a m ove. I told him  he 
could stay, and that I was sorry about what  had happened to his dog. He thanked m e, 
and mentioned that m y mother had been very  fond of hi s dog. He referred to her as 
“your poor m other,” and was afraid I m ust be feeling her death terribl y. When I said 
nothing he added hastily and with a rather em barrassed ai r that some of the people in 
the street said nasty things about me becau se I’d sent m y mother to the Ho me. But 
he, of course, knew better; he  knew how devoted to m y mother I had always been. 
I answered—why, I still don’t know—that it surprised me to l earn I’d produced 
such a bad im pression. As I couldn’t afford  to keep her here, it seemed the obvi ous 
thing to do, to send her to a home. “In any case,” I added, “for years she’d never had  
a word to say to m e, and I could see sh e was m oping, with no one to talk to.” 
“Yes,” he said, “and at a hom e one m akes friends, anyhow.” 
He got up, saying it was high time for him to  be in bed, and added that life was 
going to be a bit of a problem for him , under the new conditions. For the first time 
since I’d known hi m he held out his ha nd to m e—rather shyl y, I thought—and I 
could feel the scales on his ski n. Just  as he was goi ng out of t he door,  he turned a nd, 
smiling a little, said: 
“Let’s hope the dogs won’t bark again toni ght. I always think it’ s mine I hear. ...” 
 31

VI 
IT was an effort waking up t hat Sunday mo rning; M arie had to jog m y shoulders and 
shout  my nam e. As we wanted to get i nto the water early, we didn’t  trouble about 
breakfast. My head was aching slightly and m y first cigarette had a bitter taste. Marie 
told me I l ooked l ike a m ourner at a funera l, and I certainly did feel very lim p. She 
was wearing a white dress and had he r hair loose. I told her she looked qui te 
ravishing like that, and she laughed happily. 
On our way out we banged on Raym ond’s door, and he shout ed that he’d be with 
us in a jiffy. We went down to the street and, because of my being rather under the 
weather and our having kept the blind down in m y room, the gl are of the mor ning 
sun hit m e in the eyes  like a clenched fist. 
Marie, however, was alm ost dancing with  delight, and kept repeating, “What a 
heavenly day!” After a few minutes I was feeling better, and notic ed that I was 
hungry. I mentioned this to M arie, but sh e paid no attention. She was carrying an 
oilcloth ba g in which she had stowed our ba thing ki t and a towel. Presently we heard 
Raym ond shutti ng his door. He was wearing blue trousers, a short-sle eved white 
shirt, and a straw hat. I noticed that his fo rearm s were rather hairy, but the skin was 
very white  beneath. The straw hat made Mari e giggle. Personally, I was rather put off 
by his getup. He seemed in high spirits a nd was whistling as he came down the stairs. 
He greeted m e with, “Hello, old boy!” a nd addressed Marie as  “Madem oiselle.” 
On the previous evening we had visited th e police station, wher e I gav e evidence  
for Raym ond—about  the girl’s having been fals e to him. So they let him off with a 
warning. They didn’t check m y statement. 
After some talk on the doorste p we decide d to take the bus. Th e beach was within 
easy walking distanc e, but the sooner we got th ere the better. Just as we were starting 
for the bus stop, Raym ond plucked m y sleeve and told me to look across the street. I 
saw some Arabs lounging against the tobacc onist’s window. They were staring at us 
silently, in the special way these people have —as if we were blocks  of stone or dead 
trees. Raym ond whispered that the second Arab from  the le ft was “his m an,” and I 
thought he  looked ra ther worri ed However, he assured me that all that was ancient 
history. Marie, who hadn’t fol lowed his remarks, asked, “What is it?” 
I explained that those Arabs across th e way had a grudge against Raym ond. She 
insisted on our going at once. Then Raym ond laughed, and squared his shoulde rs. 
The young lady was quite right , he said. There was no poi nt in hanging about here. 
Halfway to the bus stop he glanced b ack over his shoul der and said the Arabs 
weren’t following. I,  too, looked back. They  wer e exactly as before, gazing in the 
same vague way at the spot where we had been. 
 32

When we were in the bus, Raym ond, who now  seemed quite at ease, kept making 
jokes to am use Marie. I could see he was a ttracted by her, but  she had hardly a word 
for him . Now and again she wo uld catch my eye an d smile. 
We alighted just outside Algiers. The b each is not far from the bus stop; one has 
only to cross a patch of highl and, a sort of plateau, which ove rlooks the sea and 
shelves down steeply to the sands. The ground here was cove red with yellowi sh 
pebbles and wild lil ies that showed snow-w hite against the blue of t he sky, which 
had alread y the hard, m etallic glint it gets  on very hot days. Marie amused herself 
swishing her bag a gainst t he flowers a nd sendi ng the petals show ering i n all 
directions.  Then we walked between two ro ws of lit tle houses w ith wooden balconies 
and green or white palings. Some of them we re half hidden i n clum ps of tamarisks; 
others rose naked from  the stony plateau. Befo re we came to the end of it, the sea 
was in full view; it lay sm ooth as a m irror, and in the distance a big headland jutt ed 
out over its black reflection. Through the still air came the faint buzz of a m otor 
engine and we saw a fishi ng boat very far out, gl iding alm ost im perceptibly across 
the dazzling sm oothness. 
Marie picked some rock iris es. Going down the steep path leading to the sea, we  
saw some bathers already on the sands. 
Raym ond’s friend owned a sm all wooden bungalow at the near end of the beach. 
Its back rested against the cliffside, while  the front stood on piles, which the water 
was already lapping. Raym ond in troduced us to his friend,  whose nam e was Masson. 
He was tall, broad-s houldered, and thick- set; his wife was a plum p, cheerful little 
woman who spoke with a Pari s accent. 
Masson prom ptly told us to make ourselves  at home. He had gone out fishing, he 
said, first thing in the m orning, and th ere would be fried fish for lunch.  I 
congratulated him  on his little bungalow, and he  said he always spent his week ends 
and holi days here. “With the m issus, needless to  say,” he ad ded. I glanced at her, and 
noticed that she and Marie seemed to  be getting on well together; laughing and 
chattering away. For the first time, perhaps, I seriously co nsidered the possibility of 
my marrying her. 
Masson wanted to have a swim  at once, but his wife and Raym ond were 
disincline d to m ove. So only the three of  us, Marie, Masson, and m yself, went down 
to the beach. Marie prom ptly plunged in, but Masson and I waited for a bit. He was 
rather slow of speech and ha d, I notic ed, a habit of saying “and what’s m ore” 
between hi s phrases—even when the second ad ded not hing re ally to the first. Talki ng 
of Marie, he said: “She’s an awfully pretty girl, and what’s mo re, ch arming.” 
But I soon ceas ed paying attention to this  trick of his; I was baski ng in the 
sunli ght, which, I noticed, was m aking me feel much better. The sand was beginning 
to stoke up underfoot and, though I was eager  for a dip, I post poned i t for a m inute or 
two m ore. At last I said to Masson: “Shall we go in now ?” and plunged. Masson 
 33

walked in gingerly and only began to swi m when he was out of hi s dept h. He swam 
hand over hand and made slow headway, so  I left him  behind and caught  up wit h 
Marie. The water was cold and I felt all  the better for it. We swam  a long way out, 
Marie and I, side by side, and it was pleasant feeling how our m ovements matched, 
hers and m ine, and how we were both in the same m ood, enjoying every m oment. 
Once we were out in the open, we lay o n our backs and, as I gazed up at the sky, I 
could feel the sun drawing up t he film  of salt water on m y lips and cheeks. We saw 
Masson swi m back to the beach and slum p down on the sand under the sun. In the 
distance he looked enorm ous, like a strande d whale. Then Marie proposed that we 
shoul d swim tandem. She we nt ahead and I put m y arms round her waist, from 
behind, and while she drew me  forward with her arm  stroke s, I kicked out behi nd to 
help us on.  
That sound of little splashes had been in m y ears for so long that I began to feel I’d 
had enough of it. So I let go of Marie and swam back at an easy pace, taking long,  
deep breaths. When I made the beach I stretched m yself be lly dow nward beside 
Masson, resting m y face on the sand. I told  him  “it was fine” here, and he agreed. 
Presently Marie came back. I raised m y head to watch her approach. She was 
glistening with brine and holdi ng her hair  back. Then she lay down beside m e, and 
what with the co mbined war mth of our bodi es and the sun, I felt myself dropping off 
to sleep. 
After a while Marie tugged my ar m. and said Masson had gone to his place;  it 
must be nearly luncht ime. I rose at once, as I was feeling hungry,  but Marie told m e I 
hadn’t kissed her once since the early m orning. That was so—though I’d wanted to, 
several times. “Let’s go into the wat er agai n,” she said, and we ran into the sea and  
lay flat am ongst the ripples for a m oment. Then we swam a few strokes, and when 
we were alm ost out of our depth she flung her arm s round m e and hugged me. I felt 
her legs twining round m ine, and m y senses tingled. 
When we got back, Masson was on the st eps of hi s bungalow, shouting to us to 
come. I told him  I was raven ously hungry, and he prom ptly turned t o his wife and 
said he’d t aken quite a fancy to m e. The bread was excellent, and I had my full share 
of the fish. Then came som e steak and potat o chips. None of us  spoke while eating. 
Masson drank a lot of wine and kept refill ing m y glass the m oment it was em pty. By 
the tim e coffee was handed round I was feeli ng slightly m uzzy, and I started sm oking 
one cigarette after another. Masson, Raymond, and I discu ssed a plan of spending t he 
whole of August on the beach together, sharing expenses. 
Suddenl y Marie exclaim ed: “I say! Do  you know  the tim e? It’s onl y half-past  
eleven!” 
We were all surprised at that, and Mass on remark ed that we’d had a very early 
lunch, but really lunch was a movable feast, you had it when you felt like it. 
This set Marie laughing, I don’t  know why. I suspect she’d drunk a bit too m uch. 
 34

Then M asson asked if I’d like to co me with him  for a stroll on the beach. 
“My wife always has a nap after lunch,” he  said. “Personally I find i t doesn’t agree 
with m e; what I need is a short walk. I’ m always telling her it’ s much better for the 
health. Bu t, of course, she’ s entitled to her own opinion.” 
Marie proposed to stay and help with the washing up. Mme Masson sm iled and 
said that, in that case, the first thing was to get the men out of the way. So we went 
out together, the three of us. 
The light was alm ost vertical and the gl are from the water s eared one’s eyes. Th e 
beach was  quite deserted now. One could h ear a fai nt tinkle of knives and forks and 
crockery in the shacks and bungalows lining the foreshore. Heat was wel ling up from  
the rocks, and one could hardly breathe. 
At first Raym ond and Masson talked of  things and peopl e I didn’t  know. I 
gathered that they’d been acqu ainted for some time and ha d even lived together for a 
while. We went down to the water’s edge and walked along it; now and then a longer 
wave wet our canvas shoes. I wasn’t thinking of anyt hing, as al l that sunli ght beating 
down on m y bare head made  me f eel h alf asleep. 
Just t hen Raym ond said som ething to M asson that I didn’t  quite catch. But at the 
same moment I noticed two Arabs in bl ue dungarees a long way down the beach, 
coming in our direction. I gave Raym ond a look and he nodded, saying, “That’s 
him.” We walked st eadily on.  Masson wonde red how they’d m anaged to track us 
here. My im pression was that  they had seen us taking the bus and noticed Marie’s 
oilcloth ba thing bag; but I didn’t say anything. 
Though t he Arabs walked quit e slowly, they were m uch nearer already. We didn’t 
change our pace, but Raym ond said: 
“Listen! If there’s a roughhouse, you, Ma sson, take on the second one. I’ll tackle 
the fellow who’s after me. A nd you, Meursault, stand by to help i f another one 
comes up, and lay him out.” 
I said, “Right,” and Masson put  his hands in his pockets. 
The sand was as hot as fire, and I coul d have sworn it was glowing red. The 
distance between us and the Arabs was st eadily decreasing. When we were only a 
few steps away the Arabs halted. Masson and I slowed  down, while Raym ond went 
straight up to hi s man. I couldn’t hear wh at he said, but I saw the native lowering hi s 
head, as if to but t him in the chest. Ray mond lashed out  prom ptly and shouted t o 
Masson to come. Masson went up to the ma n he had been marking and struck hi m 
twice with all his m ight. The fellow fell flat  into the water and stayed there so me 
seconds with bubble s com ing up to the surface round his head. Mean while Ray mond 
had been sloggi ng the other man, whose face  was stream ing with blood. He glanced 
at me over his shoul der and shouted: 
“Just you watch! I ain’t fini shed with him yet!” 
“Look out !” I cried. “He’s got a knife.” 
 35

I spoke too late. The m an had gashed Raym ond’s arm and his m outh as well. 
Masson sprang forward. The other Arab got  up from the water and placed him self 
behind the  fellow with the kni fe. We didn’t dare to m ove. The two natives backed 
away slowly, keeping us at bay with the knife and never taking their eyes off us.  
When they were at a safe distance they  swung round and took t o thei r heels. We 
stood stoc k-stil l, with the sunl ight b eating down on us. Bl ood was dripping from 
Raymond’s wounded ar m, which he wa s squeezing hard above the elbow. 
Masson remarked th at there was a doctor who always spent his Sundays here, and 
Raym ond said: “Good. Let’s go to him  at on ce.” He could hardly get the words out, 
as the blood from  his other wound made bubbles in his m outh. 
We each gave hi m an ar m and helped him back to the bungalow. On ce we were 
there he told us the wounds weren’t so ve ry deep and he could walk to where the 
doctor was. Marie had gone qui te pa le, and Mme Masson was in tears. 
Masson and Raym ond went off to the docto r’s while I was le ft behind at the 
bungalow to explain m atters to the women. I didn’t m uch relish the task and soon 
dried up and started sm oking, staring at the sea. 
Raym ond came back at about half-past on e, accompanied by Masson. He had his 
arm bandaged and a strip of sti cking plaste r on the corner of his m outh. The doctor 
had assured him  it was nothing serious, but he was looki ng ve ry glum . Masson tri ed 
to make hi m laugh, b ut without success. 
Presently Raym ond said he was going for a stroll on th e beach. I asked him where 
he proposed to go, and he m umbled som ething about “wanting to take the air.” We—
Masson and I—then said we’d go with him , but he flew into a rage and told us to 
mind our own business. Masson said we m ustn’t insist, seeing the state he was in. 
However, when he went  out, I followed him. 
It was like a furnace outside, with the sunlight  splintering into fl akes of fire on the 
sand and sea. We walked for quite a wh ile, and I had an idea that Raym ond had a 
definite idea where he was going; but probably I was m istaken about this. 
At the end of the beach we came to a s mall stream that had cut a ch annel in the 
sand, after com ing out from  behind a biggis h rock. There we found our two Arabs 
again, lying on the sand in t heir blue dun garees. They looked ha rmless enough, as if 
they di dn’t bear any malice, and neit her made any m ove when we approached. The 
man who had slashed Raym ond stared at hi m without speaki ng. The other man was 
blowing down a little reed and  extracting fro m it three notes of the scale, which h e 
played over and over again, while he wa tched us from the corner of an ey e. 
For a while nobody m oved; it was all sunlight  and silence except for the tinkle of 
the stream and those three little lonely sounds. Then Raym ond put his hand to his 
revolver pocket, but the Arabs still didn’t move. I noticed the m an playing on the 
reed had his big toes splayed out alm ost at right angl es to his feet. 
Still keeping his eyes on his man, Ray mond said to me: “Shall I plug him one?” 
 36

I thought quickly. If I tol d him not to, c onsidering the m ood he was in, he m ight 
very well fly into a tem per and use his gun. So  I said the first thing that came into m y 
head. 
“He hasn’t spoken to you yet.  It would be a lowdown trick t o shoot  him like that, 
in cold blood.” 
Again, for some m oments one heard nothi ng but t he tinkle of the stream  and the 
flute notes weaving through the  hot, still air. 
“Well,” Raym ond said at last, “if that’s  how you feel, I’d better say something 
insult ing, and if he answers back I’ll loose off.” 
“Right,” I said. “Only, if he doesn’t ge t out his kni fe you’ve no business to fire.” 
Raym ond was beginning t o fidget. The Arab with the reed went on playing, and 
both of t hem watched all our m ovem ents. 
“Listen,” I said t o Raymond. “You take on t he fell ow on the right, and give me 
your revol ver. If the other one starts making trouble or gets out  his knife, I’ll shoot.” 
The sun gl inted on Raym ond’s revolver as he handed it t o me. But nobody m ade a 
move yet; it was just as if everything had clos ed in on us so that we couldn’t sti r. We 
could only watch each othe r, never lowering our eyes; the whole world seemed  to 
have co me to a standstill on this little strip of sand between the sunlight and the sea,  
the twofold silence of the reed  and stream. And just then it crossed m y mind that one 
might fire, or not fire —and it would com e to absolut ely the same thing. 
Then, all of a sudde n, the Arabs vanishe d; they’d slipped li ke lizards under cover 
of the rock. So Raym ond and I turned a nd walked back. He seemed happier, and 
began talking about t he bus to catch for our return. 
When we reach ed the bungalow Ray mond prom ptly went up the wooden steps, 
but I halted on t he bottom  one. The light seem ed thuddi ng in m y head and I coul dn’t 
face the ef fort needed to go up the steps and mak e myself amiable to the wo men. But  
the heat was so great that it was just as bad staying where I was,  under that flood of 
blinding li ght falli ng from  the sky. To sta y, or to m ake a m ove—it came to m uch the 
same. After a mo ment I returned to the beach, and started walking. 
There was  the same red glare as far as eye could reach, an d small waves were 
lapping the hot sand in little, flurried gasps. As I slowly walked toward the boulde rs 
at the end of the beach I could feel m y temples swelling under the im pact of the light. 
It pressed itself on me, trying t o check my  progress. And each tim e I felt a hot  blast 
strike m y forehead, I gritted m y teeth, I cl enched my fists in m y trouser pockets and 
keyed up every nerve to fend off the sun and t he dark befuddlem ent it was pouri ng 
into me. Whenever  a blade of  vivi d light shot upward from a bit of shell or broken 
glass lying on the sand, m y jaws set hard. I wasn’t going t o be beaten, and I walked 
steadily on. 
The sm all black hump of rock  came into view far down the beach. It was rimmed  
by a dazzl ing sheen of light and feathery sp ray, but I was thinking of the cold, cl ear 
 37

stream  behind it, and longing to hear again the tinkle of running water. Anything to 
be rid of t he glare, the sight of women in tears, the strain and effort—and to retrieve 
the pool of shadow by the rock and its cool silence! 
But when I cam e nearer I saw that Ra ymond’s Arab had returned. He was by 
himself this time, lyi ng on his back, his hands behind his head, his face s haded by the 
rock while the sun beat on the rest of his body. One could see his dungarees steam ing 
in the heat . I was rat her taken aback; my  impression had been that the incident was 
closed, and I hadn’t given a thought to it on m y way here. 
On seeing m e, the Arab raised him self a little, and his hand we nt to his pocket. 
Naturally, I gripped Raym ond’s revolver in th e pocket of m y coat. Then the Arab let 
himself sink back a gain, but  without  taki ng his hand from  his pocket. I was some 
distance off, at least ten yards, and m ost of the time I saw him  as a blurred dark form 
wobbling in the heat haze. So metim es, however, I had glim pses of his e yes glowi ng 
between the half-closed lids. The sound of the waves was even lazier, feebler, than at 
noon. But the light hadn’t changed; it was pou nding as fiercely as ever on the long 
stretch of sand that ended at the rock. For two hours the sun seem ed to have m ade no 
progress; becal med in a sea of molten steel . Far out on the horizon a steamer was  
passing; I could just make out from  the co rner of an eye the s mall black movin g 
patch, while I kept my gaze fixed on the Arab. 
It struck m e that all I had to do was to turn, walk away, and think no m ore about it. 
But the whole beach , pulsing with heat, wa s pressi ng on m y back. I took some steps  
toward the stream. The Arab didn’t m ove. After all, there was still some distance 
between us. Perhaps because of the shadow on his face, he seemed to be grinning at 
me. 
I waited. The heat was beginning to sc orch my cheeks; b eads of sweat were  
gathering in m y eyebrows. It was just the same sort of heat as at my mother’s 
funeral, and I had the same disagreeab le sensati ons—especially in my forehead, 
where all the veins seemed to be bursti ng through the ski n. I couldn’t stand it  any 
longer, and took another step forward. I kne w it was a fool thing to do;  I wouldn’t get 
out of the sun by m oving on a yard or so.  But I took that step, just one step, forward . 
And then the Arab drew his knife and he ld it up toward m e, athwart the sunli ght. 
A shaft of light shot  upward from  the steel , and I felt as if a long, thin blade 
transfixed my forehead. At the sam e moment all the swea t that had accu mulated  in 
my eyebrows splashed down on m y eyelids, covering t hem with a warm  film of 
moisture. Beneath a veil of brine and te ars my eyes were blinded; I was conscious 
only of the cym bals of the sun clashing on m y skull , and, less distinctl y, of the keen 
blade of li ght flashing up from  the knife, s carring my eyelashes, and gouging into my 
eyeballs. 
Then everything be gan to reel before m y eyes, a fiery gust came from the sea, 
while the sky cracked in two, from  end to  end, and a great sheet of fl ame poured 
 38

down through the rift. Every nerve in m y body was a steel spri ng, and m y grip closed 
on the revolver. The trigger ga ve, and the smooth underbelly of the but t jogged my 
palm . And so, with that crisp, whipcrack sound, it all began. I shook off m y sweat 
and the clinging vei l of light. I knew I’d  shattered the balance of the day, the  
spacious cal m of this beach on which I had been happy. But I fired four shots m ore 
into the inert body, on which they left no visible trace. And each success ive shot w as 
another loud, fateful rap on the door of my undoing.  
 39

Part T wo 
I 
I was questioned several tim es immediately after my arrest. But they were all formal 
exam inations, as to m y identity and so forth. At the first of  these, which took pla ce at 
the police station, nobody seemed to have m uch interest in the case. However, when 
I was brought before the exam ining magistrate  a week later, I no ticed that he eyed 
me with distinct curiosity. Like the othe rs, he began by asking m y name, address, 
and occupation, the date and place of my bi rth. Then he inquired if I had chosen a 
lawyer to defend m e. I answered, “No,” I hadn’t t hought about it, and asked him  if it 
was really necess ary for me to have one. 
“Why do you ask that?” he said . I replie d that I re garded m y case as very sim ple. 
He sm iled. “Well, it ma y seem  so to you. But we’ve got  to abide by the law, and, i f 
you don’t engage a lawyer , the court will have to appoint one for you.” 
It struck me as an excellent arrangement  that the authorities should see to details 
of this kind, and I told him  so. He nodded,  and agreed that the Code was all that 
could be desired. 
At first I didn’t take him  quite seriousl y. The room  in which he interviewed me 
was m uch like an ordinary sitting room , with curtained windows, and a single lamp 
standing on the desk. Its light fe ll on t he armc hair in which he’d had m e sit, while his 
own face stayed in shadow. 
I had read descriptions of such scenes in books, and at first it all seemed like a 
game. After our conversation, however, I ha d a good look at him. He was a tall man 
with clean-cut features, deep-set blue eyes, a big gray m ustache, and abundant , 
almost snow-white hair, and he gave me the im pression of being highly intelligent 
and, on the whole, likable enough. There wa s only one thing that put  one off: his 
mouth had now and then a rather ugly twist; but  it seemed to be only a sort  of 
nervous ti c. When leaving, I ve ry nearly  held out m y hand an d said, “Good-by”; j ust 
in time I remem bered that I’d killed a man. 
Next day a lawyer came to m y cell; a small, plum p, youngish m an with sleek 
black hair. In spite of the heat—I was in  my shirt sleeves— he was wearing a dark 
suit, stiff collar, and  a rather showy tie, with broad black and white stripes. After 
depositi ng his brief case on my bed, he in troduced him self, and added that he’d 
perused the record of my cas e with the utmost care. His opinion was that it would 
need cautious handli ng, but there was ever y prospect of m y getting off, provided I 
followed his advice. I thanke d him, and he said: “Good. Now let’s get down to it.” 
 40

Sitting on the bed, h e said that they’d been  making investigations into m y private 
life. They had learned that m y mother died  recently in a home. Inquiries had been 
conducted at Marengo and the  police inform ed that I’d shown “gr eat callousness” at 
my mother’s funeral. 
“You m ust understa nd,” the lawyer said, “that I don’t  relish having t o question 
you about such a matter. But it has m uch im portance, and, unless I find some way of 
answering the charge of ‘callousness,’ I shall be handicappe d in conducting your 
defense. And that is where you,  and only you, can help m e.” 
He went on to ask if I had felt grief on th at “sad occasion.” The question struck m e 
as an odd one; I’d have been much em barrassed if I’d had to ask anyone a thing li ke 
that. 
I answered  that, of recent year s, I’d rather lost the hab it of noti ng m y feelings, and 
hardly kne w what to answer. I could trut hfully say I’d been quite fond of Mother—
but really that didn’t  mean m uch. All nor mal people, I added as  on afterthought, had 
more or less desired the death of those th ey loved, at some time or another. 
Here the lawyer interrupted m e, looking greatly perturbed. 
“You m ust prom ise me not t o say anything of that sort at th e trial,  or to the 
exam ining m agistrate.” 
I prom ised, to satisfy him , but I explaine d that m y physical conditi on at any given 
moment often influe nced m y feelings. Fo r instance, on the day I attended Mother’s 
funeral, I was fagged out and only half awake. So, really, I hardly t ook stock of what 
was happening. Anyhow, I could assure him of one thing: that I’d rather Mother 
hadn’t die d. 
The lawyer, however, looked displeased. “That’s not enough,” he said curtly. 
After considering for a bit  he asked m e if he could say that on that day I had kept 
my feelings under control. 
“No,” I said. “That wouldn’t be true.” 
He gave me a queer look, as if I slight ly revolted him ; then inform ed m e, in an 
almost hostile tone, that in any case the head of the Ho me and som e of the sta ff 
would be cited as witnesses. 
“And that m ight do you a very na sty turn, ” he concluded. 
When I suggested that Mother’s death ha d no connection with the charge against 
me, he merely replied that this remark showed I’d neve r had any dealings with t he 
law. 
Soon after this he left, looking quite vexe d. I wished he had stayed longer and I 
could have explained that I de sired his sym pathy, not for hi m to make a better job of 
my defense, but, if I m ight put it so, s pontaneousl y. I could see that I got on hi s 
nerves; he couldn’t make me out, and, naturally enough, th is irritated him . Once or 
twice I had a m ind to assure him that I wa s just like everybody else; quite an ordinary 
 41

person. But really t hat would have serv ed no great purpose, and I let it go—out  of 
laziness as  much as anything else. 
Later in the day I was taken again to t he exam ining magistrate’s office. It was two 
in the afternoon and, this tim e, the room  was flooded with light—there was only a 
thin curtai n on the window—and extremely hot. 
After inviting m e to sit down,  the m agistra te informed m e in a very polite tone 
that, “owing to unforeseen cir cumstances,” my lawyer was unable to be present. I 
should be quite entitled, he added, to reserve m y answer s to his questions until my 
lawyer could attend. 
To this I replied that I could answer fo r myself. He pressed a bell push on his desk 
and a young clerk came in and seated hims elf just  behind me. Then we—I and t he 
magistrate—settled back in our chairs a nd the exam ination began. He led off by 
remarking that I had the reputation of bei ng a taci turn, rather self-centered person, 
and he’d like to know what I ha d to say t o that. I an swered: 
“Well, I rarely have anythi ng much to sa y. So, naturally I keep m y mouth shut.” 
He s miled as on the previous occasion, and agreed that that was the best of 
reasons. “In any case,” he added, “it has little or no im portance.” 
After a short silence he suddenly leaned fo rward, looked me in the eyes, and said, 
raising his voice a little: 
“What really interests m e is—you!” 
I wasn’t quite clear what he meant, so I made no comment. 
“There are several things,” he continued, “that puzzle me  about your cri me. I feel 
sure that you will help me to understand them .” 
When I replied that really it was quite si mple, he asked me to give him  an account  
of what I’d done that day. As a matter of  fact, I had already told hi m at our first 
interview—in a summary sort of way, of course —about Raym ond, the beach, our 
swim, the fight, then the beach again, and th e five shots I’d fired. But I went over i t 
all again, and after each phras e he nodded. “Quite so, quite so.” When I described the 
body lyi ng on t he sand, he nodded m ore em phatically, and sa id, “Good!” I was tired 
of repeating the same story; I fe lt as if I’d never talked so m uch in all m y life before. 
After another silence he stoo d up and sai d he’d l ike to help me; I interested him , 
and, with God’s hel p, he would do something for m e in my trouble. But, first, h e 
must put a few more questions. 
He began by asking blunt ly if I’d loved my m other. 
“Yes,” I replied, “like everybody else.” The clerk behind m e, who had been typing 
away at a steady pace, m ust just then ha ve hit the wrong keys,  as I heard him  pushing 
the carrier back and crossi ng something out. 
Next, without any apparent logical conn ection, the m agistra te sprang anothe r 
question. 
“Why did you fire fi ve consecutive shots?” 
 42

I thought for a bit; then explained that th ey weren’t quite consecutive. I fired one 
at first, and the other four after a short int erval. 
“Why did you pause between the first and second shot?” 
I seemed to see it hovering again before my eyes, the red glow of  the beach, and to 
feel that fi ery breath on my cheeks —and, this tim e, I m ade no answer. 
During t he silence that followed, the magi strate kept fidgeting, runni ng his fi ngers 
through his hair, half rising, then sitting down again. Finally, planting his elbows on  
the desk, he bent toward m e with a queer expression. 
“But why, why did you go on fi ring at a prostrate m an?” 
Again I found nothing to reply. 
The magistrate drew his hand across his forehead and repeated in a slightly  
different t one: 
“I ask you ‘ Why?’ I insist on your telling me.” I still kept silent. 
Suddenl y he rose, walked to a file cab inet standing agai nst the opposite wall, 
pulled a drawer open, and took from  it a silv er crucifix, which he was waving as he 
came b ack to the des k. 
“Do you know who this i s?” His voice ha d changed com pletely; it was vibrant 
with em otion. 
“Of course I do,” I an swered. 
That seemed to start  him  off; he began speaking at a great pace. He told me he 
believed in God, and that even the worst of  sinners could obtain forgi veness of Him. 
But first he m ust rep ent, and beco me like a little child, with a sim ple, trustful heart, 
open to conviction. He was leaning right acr oss the table, brandishing his crucifix 
before m y eyes. 
As a matter of fact, I had gre at difficult y in following his remarks, as, for one 
thing, the office was so stiflingly hot and big flies were buzzin g round and settling on 
my cheeks; also because he rat her alar med me. Of course, I realized it was absurd to 
feel like this, considering that, after all, it was  I wh o was th e criminal. However, as  
he continued talking, I did m y best to un derstand, and I gathe red that there was only 
one point in m y confession that badly n eeded clearing up—the fact  that I’d waited  
before firi ng a second time. All the rest was,  so to speak, quite in order; but  that 
completely baffled him. 
I started to tell him  that he was wrong in  insisting on this; th e point  was of quite 
minor im portance. But, before  I could get the words out, he ha d drawn hi mself up t o 
his full height and was asking me very earn estly if I believed  in God. When I said, 
“No,” he plum ped down into hi s chair indignantly. 
That was unthi nkabl e, he said ; all men believe in God, ev en those who reject Hi m. 
Of this he was absolutely sure ; if ever he came to doubt it, his life would l ose all  
meaning. “Do you wish,” he asked indi gnantl y, “m y life to have no meaning?” 
Really I couldn’t see how my wishes came into it, and I told him  as m uch. 
 43

While I was talking,  he thrust the crucif ix again just under my nose and shouted:  
“I, anyhow, am a Christian. And I pray Him  to forgive you for your si ns. My poor 
young man, how can you not believe th at He suffered for your sake?” 
I not iced that his m anner seemed genuinely  solicitous when he said, “My poor 
young m an”—but I was beginning to have  enough of it. The room was growing 
steadily hotter. 
As I usuall y do when I want to get rid of someone whose conv ersation bores me, I 
pretended to agree. At which, rath er to m y surprise, his face lit up. 
“You see! You see! Now won’t you own th at you believe and put your trust i n 
Him?” 
I must have shaken m y head again, for he  sank back in his chair, looking lim p and 
deject ed. 
For some mo ments there was a silence during which the type writer, which had 
been clicking away all the time we talked , caught up with the last remark. Then he 
looked at me intently and rather sadly. 
“Never in all m y experience have I known a soul so case-hardened as yours,” he 
said in a low tone. “All the criminals who have co me before m e until now wept wh en 
they saw this sym bol of our Lord’s sufferi ngs.” 
I was on the point of replying that was precisely because they were  criminals. But  
then I realized that I, too, came under th at description. Som ehow it was an idea to 
which I never could get reconciled. 
To indicate, presumably, that the interv iew was over, the magistrate stood up. In 
the same weary tone he as ked m e a last question: Di d I regret what I had done? 
After thinking a bit, I said that what I felt was less regret than a kind of ve xation—
I couldn’t find a better word for it. But he di dn’t seem to understa nd. ... This was as 
far as things went at that day’s interview. 
I came before the magistrate many tim es more, but on these occasions m y lawyer 
always accom panied m e. The exam inations we re confined t o asking me to amplify 
my previous statements. Or else the magistrate and m y lawyer discussed 
technicalities. At such tim es they took ve ry little notice of m e, and, in any case, the 
tone of t he examinations changed as time went on. The magistra te seemed to hav e 
lost interest in me, and to  have come to some sort-o f decision about m y case. He 
never m entioned God again or displayed a ny of the religious fervor I had found so 
embarrassing at our first inte rview. Th e result was that our  relations be came m ore 
cordial. After a few q uestions, followed by an exchange of remarks with the lawyer , 
the m agistrate closed the in terview. My case was “taking it s course,” as he put it. 
Sometimes, too, the  conversation was of a general order, and the m agistrate and 
lawyer encouraged me to join  in it. I began to breathe m ore freely. Neither of the two 
men, at th ese tim es, showed the least hostility toward m e, and everything went so 
smoothly, so am iably, that I had an absurd impression of being “one  of the fam ily.” I 
 44

can honestly say that during t he eleven m onths these exam inations lasted I got so 
used to them  that I was alm ost surprised at having ever enjoyed anything better than 
those rare mo ments when the magistrate, after escorting me  to the door of the office, 
would pat m y shoulder and say in a friendly tone: “Well, Mr. Antichrist, that’s all  for 
the present!” After which I wa s made over to m y jailers. 
 45

II 
THERE ar e some things of wh ich I’ve ne ver cared to talk. And, a few days after I’d 
been sent to pri son, I decided that this pha se of m y life was one of them . However, as 
time went by, I came to feel that this aversi on had no real substanc e. In point of fact,  
during t hose early days, I was hardly consci ous of being i n prison; I had always a 
vague hope that so mething would tu rn up, some agr eeable surprise. 
The chang e came so on after Marie’s first a nd only visit. From  the day when I got  
her letter telling me they wouldn’t let her come t o see me any more, because s he 
wasn’t m y wife—it was from  that day that I realized that this ce ll was my last home, 
a dead end , so to speak. 
On the day of m y arrest they put me in a biggish room  with several other 
prisoners, m ostly Arabs. They grinned w hen they saw me enter, and as ked me what  
I’d done. I told them I’d killed an Ar ab, and they kept m um for a while. But 
presently night began to fall,  and one of them  explained to me how to lay out my 
sleeping mat. By rolling up one end one makes a sort of bol ster. All night I felt bugs 
crawling over m y face. 
Some days later I was put by m yself in a cell, where I slept on a plank bed hinged 
to the wall. The only other furniture was a la trine b ucket and a tin basin. The prison 
stands on rising ground, and through m y little window I had glim pses of the sea. On e 
day when I was hanging on the bars, straini ng m y eyes toward the sunl ight playing 
on the waves, a jailer entered a nd said I had a visitor. I th ought it must be Marie, and  
so it was. 
To go to t he Visitors’ Room, I was taken al ong a corridor, then up a flight of steps, 
then along another corridor. It was a ve ry large room , lit by a big bow window, and 
divided into three com partments by high iron grille s running transversally. Between 
the two grilles there was a gap  of som e thirty feet, a sort of no man’s land between  
the prisoners and their friends.  I was led to a poi nt exactly opposite Marie, who was 
wearing her striped dress. On m y side of the rails were about a dozen other prisoners, 
Arabs for the m ost part. On Marie’s side  were m ostly Moor ish women. She was 
wedged between a small old wo man with tight-set lips and a fat matron, without a 
hat, who was talking shrill y and gesticulated all t he time. Because of the distance 
between the visitors and prisoners I f ound I, too, had to raise my voice. 
When I came into the room  the babel of voices echoing on the bare walls, and the 
sunli ght st ream ing in, flooding everything in  a harsh white glare, made me feel quite 
dizzy. After the relative darkness and th e silence of m y cell it took m e some 
moments to get used to these conditions. After a bit, however, I came to see each 
face quite clearly, lit up as if a spotlight played on it. 
 46

I noticed a prison official seat ed at e ach end of t he no man’s land bet ween the 
grilles. The native p risoners and their re lations on the other side were squatting 
opposite each other. They didn’t raise their voices and, in spite of the din, m anaged 
to converse alm ost in whispers. This m urmur of voi ces com ing from  below m ade a 
sort of accom paniment to t he conversations  going on above their heads. I took stoc k 
of all this very quickly and m oved a step  forward toward Marie. She was pressing 
her brown,  sun-tanned face to the bars and smiling as hard as she could. I thought sh e 
was looking very pretty, but somehow couldn’t bring m yself to tell her so. 
“Well?” she asked, pitching her voice very  high. “What about it? Are you all right, 
have you everything you want?” 
“Oh, yes. I’ve everything I want.” 
We were silent for some m oments; Ma rie went on sm iling. The fat wom an was 
bawling at the prisoner beside me, her husband presumably, a tall, fair, pleasant-
looki ng man. 
“Jeanne refused to ha ve him ,” she yelled. 
“That’s just too bad, ” the man replied. 
“Yes, and I told her you’ d take him  back the moment you got out ; but she 
wouldn’t hear of it.” 
Marie shouted across the gap that Raymond sent me his best wishes, and I said, 
“Thanks.” But m y voice was dr owned by m y neighbor’s, asking “if he was quite fit.” 
The fat woman gave a laugh. “Fit? I should say he is! The picture of health.” 
Meanwhile the prisoner on m y left, a youngste r with thin, girl ish hands, never said 
a word. His eyes, I noticed, were fixed on  the little old woman opposite him, and she 
returned his gaze wit h a sort of hungry passi on. But I had to stop looking at them as 
Marie was shouti ng to me th at we mustn’t lose hope. 
“Certainly not,” I answered. My gaze fe ll on her shoulders, and I had a sudden 
longing to squeeze th em, through the thin dress.  Its silky texture fa scinat ed me, and I 
had a feeling that the hope she spoke of centered on it, somehow. I im agine 
something of the same sort was in Marie’ s mind, for she went on sm iling, looki ng 
straight at me. 
“It’ll all come right, you’l l see, and then we sha ll get married.” 
All I could see of her now was the white flash of her teeth, and the little puckers 
round her eyes. I answered: “Do you really think so?” but chiefly becau se I felt it up 
to me to answer so mething. 
She started talking very fast in the same high-pitched voice. 
“Yes, you’ll be acquitted, and we’ ll go bathing again, Sundays.” 
The woman beside me was still yelling a way, telling her husband that she’d left a 
basket for him  in the prison office. She ga ve a list of the thi ngs she’d brought a nd 
told him  to m ind and check them  carefully , as some had  cost quite a lot. Th e 
youngster on m y other side and his m other were still gazing m ournfully at each 
 47

other, and the m urmur of the Arabs droned on below us. The light out side seemed to 
be surging up against the window, seeping through, and smearing the faces of the 
people facing it with a coat of yellow oil. 
I began to feel slightly squeam ish, and wished I could leave. The strident voice 
beside m e was jarring on m y ears. But, on the other hand, I wanted to have the most I 
could of Marie’s com pany. I’ve no idea how m uch tim e passed. I remem ber Marie’s 
describing to me her work, with that se t smile always on her face. There wasn’t a 
moment’s letup in the noise—shouts, c onversations, and always that m uttering 
undertone. The only oasis of silence wa s made by the young fellow  and the old 
woman gazing into each other’s eyes. 
Then, one by one, the Arabs were led away ; alm ost everyone fell silent when the 
first one left. The little old woman pressed he rself against the bars and at the same 
moment a jailer tapped her s on’s shoul der. He called, “ Au revoir , Mother,” and , 
slippi ng her hand between the bars, she ga ve him  a small, sl ow wave with it. 
No sooner was she gone than a man, hat in hand, t ook her pl ace. A prisoner was 
led up to the empty place be side me, and the two started a brisk exchange of 
remarks—not loud, however, as the room  had becom e relatively quiet. Someon e 
came and called away the m an on m y right, and his wife shouted at him —she didn’t 
seem  to realize it was no longer nece ssary to shout—“N ow, m ind you l ook after 
yourself, dear, and don’t do anything rash!” 
My turn came next. Marie threw me a kiss. I looke d back as I walked away. She 
hadn’t moved; her face wa s still pressed to the rails, her li ps still parted in that tense, 
twisted smile. 
Soon after this I had a letter from  her. And it was then that the things I’ve never 
liked to ta lk about began. Not that they we re particularly terrible; I’ve no wish t o 
exaggerate and I suffered less than others . Still, there was one thing in those early  
days that was really irksom e: my habit of  thinking like a fr ee man. F or instance, I  
would suddenly be seized with a desire to go dow n to the beach for a  swim. And 
merely to have imagined the sound of ripples at m y feet, the sm ooth feel of t he water 
on m y body as I st ruck out, and the wonderfu l sensation of relie f it gave brought 
home still m ore cruelly the narrowness of m y cell. 
Still, that phase lasted a few m onths only . Afterward, I had prisoner’s thoughts. I 
waited for the daily walk in th e courtyard or a visi t from  my lawyer. As for t he rest 
of the ti me, I managed qui te well, rea lly. I’ve often t hought that  had I been 
compelled  to live in the trunk of a dead tree, with nothing to do but gaze up at t he 
patch of sky just overhead, I’d have got used to it by degrees. I’d have learned to 
watch for the passing of birds or drift ing clouds, as I had come to watch for m y 
lawyer’s odd neckties, or, in another worl d, to wait patiently ti ll Sunday for a spell of 
love-m aking with Marie. Well, here, any how, I wasn’t penne d in a holl ow tree trunk.  
There were others in the world worse off than I. I rem embered it had been one of 
 48

Mother’s pet ideas—she was al ways voicing it—t hat in the l ong run one gets use d to 
anything. 
Usually, however, I didn’t thi nk things out so  far. Those first  months were trying, 
of course; but the very effort I had to ma ke helped me through them. For instanc e, I 
was plagued by the desire for a woman—wh ich was natural enough,  considering my 
age. I never thought  of Marie especially . I was obsessed by t houg hts of this wom an 
or that, of all the ones I’d had, all the circum stances under which I’d loved them ; so 
much so that the cell grew crowded with their faces, ghosts of m y old passions. That 
unsettled me, no doubt; but, at least, it served to kill time. 
I gradually became quite friendly with th e chief jailer, who went the rounds with 
the kitchen hands at m ealtim es. It was he who brought up t he subject of women. 
“That’s what the men here grum ble about m ost,” he told me. 
I said I felt like that m yself. “There’s so mething unfair about it,” I added, “like 
hitting a man when h e’s down.” 
“But that’s the whole point of it,” he sa id; “that’s why you fellows are kept in 
prison.” 
“I don’t follow.” 
“Liberty,” he said, “ means that. You ’re being depri ved of your liberty.” 
It had never before struck m e in that light , but I saw his point. “That’s true,” I said. 
“Otherwise it wouldn’t be a punishm ent.” 
The jailer nodded. “Yes, you’re  different, you can use your brains. The others  
can’t. Still, those fellows find a way out; they do it by them selves.” With which 
remark the jailer left m y cell. Next day I did like the others. 
The lack o f cigarettes, too, was a trial. When I was brought  to the prison, they took 
away my  belt, my  shoelaces, and the contents of m y pockets, including m y 
cigarettes. Once I had been given a cell to m yself I aske d to be given back, anyhow, 
the cigarettes. Sm oking was fo rbidden, t hey informed me . That, p erhaps, was what  
got m e down the most; i n fact, I suffered really badly duri ng the fi rst few days. I 
even tore off spli nters from  my plank bed and sucked them . All day long I felt faint 
and bilious. It passed m y understanding why I shouldn’t be allowed even to sm oke; it 
could have done no one any harm. Later on, I understo od the idea behind it; this 
privation, too, was part of m y punishm ent. But, by the time I underst ood, I’d l ost the 
craving, so it had ceased to be a punishment. 
Except for these privations I wasn’t t oo unhappy.  Yet again, the whole problem 
was: how to kill time. After a while, however, once I’d learned t he trick of 
remembering t hings, I never ha d a m oment ’s boredom . Sometimes I would exercise 
my mem ory on m y bedroom  and, starting from  a corner, make the round, not ing 
every object I saw on  the way. At first it wa s over in a m inute or two. But each time I 
repeated the experience, it took a little longe r. I m ade a point of visualizing every 
piece of furniture, and each article upon or in  it, and then every detail of each article, 
 49

and finall y the details of th e details, so to speak: a tiny dent or incrustation, or a  
chipped edge, and the exact grain and colo r of t he woodwork. At the sam e time I 
forced m yself to keep m y inventory in m ind from  start to fi nish, in the right order 
and om itting no item. With the result that, after a few weeks, I could spend hours 
merely in listing the  objects in m y bedroom . I found t hat the m ore I thought, t he 
more details, half-forgotten or m alobser ved, floated up from m y mem ory. There 
seemed no end to them. 
So I learned that ev en after a single da y’s experience of the outside world a man 
could easily live a hundred years in pri son. He’d have laid up enough mem ories 
never to be bored. Obviously, i n one way, this was a com pensation. 
Then there was sleep. To begin with, I slep t badly at night and never in the day. 
But gradually m y nights became  better, and I m anaged to doze off in the daytime as 
well. In fact, during the last months, I must  have sl ept sixteen or eighteen hours out 
of the twenty-four. So there remained only si x hours to fill —with m eals, relieving 
nature, my  memories ... a nd the story of t he Czech. 
One day, when inspecting m y straw mattre ss, I found a bit of newspaper stuck to 
its underside. The p aper was yellow with ag e, alm ost transparent, but I could still 
make out the letter print. It was the story of  a cri me. The first part was mi ssing, but I 
gathered that its scene was so me village in  Czechoslovakia. One of the villagers had  
left his home to try his luck  abroad. After twenty-five year s, having made a fortune, 
he returned to his country wit h his wife and child. Meanwhile his mother and sister  
had been running a small hotel in the village  where he was born. He decided to give 
them  a surprise and, leaving hi s wife and child  in another i nn, he went to stay at his 
mother’s place, booking a room  under an assumed nam e. His m other and sister  
completely failed to recognize him . At di nner that evening he showed them  a large 
sum of money he had on him, and in the c ourse of the night  they slaughtered him 
with a hammer. After taking the m oney  they  flung the body int o the river. Next  
morning his wife came and, without thi nking, betrayed the guest’s identity. His 
mother hanged herself. His sister threw hers elf into a well. I m ust have read th at 
story t housands of t imes. In one way it s ounded m ost unlikely; in another, it was 
plausible enough. Anyhow, to m y mind, th e man was asking for trouble; one 
shoul dn’t play fool t ricks of that sort. 
So, what with long bouts of sleep, my mem ories, readings of that  scrap of 
newspaper, the tides of light  and darkness, the days sli pped by. I’d read, of course, 
that in jail  one ends up by losi ng track of  time. But this had never m eant anythi ng 
definite to me. I hadn’t grasped how days could be at once long and short. Long, no 
doubt, as periods to live thro ugh, but so distended that they ended up by overlapping 
on each other. In fact, I never thought of days as such; only the words “yesterday” 
and “tom orrow” still kept some meaning. 
 50

When, one m orning, the jailer inform ed me I’d now been six m onths in jail, I 
believed him—but t he words conveyed nothi ng to my mind. To me it seemed like 
one and the same day that had been going on since I’d been in my cell, and that I’d 
been doing the same thing all the tim e. 
After the jailer left me I shined up m y tin panniki n and studi ed m y face in it. My  
expression was terribly serious, I thought, even when I tried to sm ile. I held the 
pannikin at different angles, but always my face had the same mournful, t ense 
expression. 
The sun was setting and it was the hour of which I’d rat her not  speak—“the 
nameless hour,” I called it—when evening sounds were creeping up from  all the  
floors of t he prison i n a sort of stealthy procession. I went to the barred window and 
in the last rays looked once again at my re flected face. It was as serious as before; 
and that wasn’t surprising, as just then I was feeling serious. But, at the same ti me, I 
heard something that  I hadn’t heard for months. It w as the sound of a voi ce; m y own 
voice, there was no m istaking it. And I rec ognized it as the voice that for many a day 
of late had been sounding i n my ears. So I knew that all this time I’d been talking to  
myself. 
And som ething I’d been told c ame back; a remark made by t he nurse a t Mother’s 
funeral. No, there was no way out, and no on e can imagine what the evenings are like 
in prison. 
 51

III 
ON THE whole I can’t say that those mo nths passed sl owly; a nother summer was on 
its way alm ost before I realized the firs t was over. And I knew that with the first 
really hot  days som ething new was in st ore for me. My case was down for the last 
sessions of the Assize Court,  and those sessions were due to end som e time in June. 
The day on which m y trial started was one of brilliant sunshine. My lawy er 
assured me the case would ta ke only t wo or three days. “From what I hear,” h e 
added, “the court wi ll dispatch your case as quickly as possible, as it isn’t the most 
important one on the  Cause List. There’s a case of parricide immediately after, which 
will take them  some time.” 
They came for me at half-past seven in the m orning and I was conveyed to the law 
courts in a  prison van. The two policemen led m e into a sm all room  that sm elled  of 
darkness. We sat near a door through w hich came sounds of voices, shouts, chairs 
scraping on the floor; a vague hubbub whic h reminded me of one of those small-
town “socials” when, after the concert’s over, the hall is cleared for dancing. 
One of my policemen told me the judges  hadn’t arrived yet,  and offered m e a 
cigarette, which I declined. After a bit he asked m e if I was feeling nervous. I said, 
“No,” and  that the prospect of witnessing a trial rather interest ed m e; I’d never had 
occasion to attend one before. 
“Maybe,” the other policem an said. “But after an hour or two one’s had enough of 
it.” 
After a while a small electric bell pu rred in the room . They unfastened my 
handcuffs,  opened the door, and led me to the prisoner’s dock. 
There was a great crowd in t he courtr oom. Though the Venetian bli nds were 
down, light was filtering through the chinks , and the air stiflingly hot already. The 
windows had been kept shut. I sat down, and the police offi cers took t heir stand on 
each side of my chai r. 
It was then that I noticed a row of fa ces opposi te me. These people were staring 
hard at m e, and I guessed they were th e jury. But somehow I didn’t see them as  
individual s. I felt as you do j ust after boardi ng a streetcar and you’re conscious of all 
the people on t he opposite seat staring at  you in t he hope of findi ng something i n 
your appearance to am use them. Of course , I knew this was an absurd com parison;  
what these people were looking for i n me wasn’t anythi ng to la ugh at, but signs of 
criminality. Still, the difference wasn’t so very gre at, and, anyhow, that’s the idea I 
got. 
What with the crowd and the stuffi ness of  the air I was feeli ng a bit dizzy. I ran  
my eyes round the courtroom  but couldn’t r ecognize any of the faces. At first I could 
hardly bel ieve that all these people had come on m y account. It was such a new 
 52

experience, being a focus of interest; in the ordinary way no one ever paid m uch 
attention to me. 
“What a crush!” I remarked to the policeman  on my left, and he explained that the  
newspapers were responsi ble for it. 
He pointed to a group of men at a table ju st below the jury box. “There t hey are!” 
“Who?” I asked, and he replied, “The pre ss.” One of them, he added, was an old 
friend of his. 
A moment later the man he’d mentioned looked our way and, com ing to the dock, 
shook hands warm ly with the policem an. The journalist was an elderly man with a 
rather grim expression, but his manner was quite pleasant. Just then I noticed that 
almost all the people in the courtroom  were  greeting each other, exchanging remarks 
and form ing groups—behaving, in fact, as in  a club where the com pany of ot hers of 
one’s own tastes and standing makes one feel at ease. Th at, no doubt, explained the 
odd im pression I had of being de trop here, a sort of gate-crasher. 
However, the journal ist addressed me qui te amiably, and said  he hoped all would 
go well for m e. I thanked him , and he added with a sm ile: 
“You know, we’ve been featuring you a  bit. We’re always rather short  of copy i n 
the summer, and there’s been precious little  to write about except your case and the 
one that’s com ing on after it. I expect you’ve heard about it; it’s a case of parricide.” 
He drew m y attention to one of the group at the press table, a plum p, small m an 
with huge black-rimmed glasses, who ma de me think of an overfed weasel. 
“That fellow’s the special corre spondent of one of the Pa ris dailies. As a m atter of 
fact, he didn’t com e on your account. He was sent for the parricid e case, but they’ve 
asked him  to cover yours as well.” 
It was on the tip of m y tongue to say, “T hat was very kind of them ,” but then I 
thought i t would sound sil ly. With a fri endly wave of his hand he left us, and for 
some m inutes nothi ng happened. 
Then, accom panied by som e colleagues, m y lawyer bustled in, in his gown. He 
went up t o the press table and shook hands  with the journalists. They remained  
laughing and chatting together, all seemingl y very m uch at home here, until a bell 
rang shri lly and everyone went to his pla ce. My lawyer came up to m e, shook hands, 
and advised me to answer a ll the questions as bri efly as possible, not  to volunt eer 
inform ation, and to rely on him to see me through. 
I heard a chair scrape on m y left, and a ta ll, thin m an wearing pince-nez settled the 
folds of hi s red gown as he took his seat. The Public Prosecutor, I gathered. A cl erk 
of the court announced that Thei r Honors we re entering, and at the sam e moment two 
big electric fans started buzzing overhead. Three judges, two in black and the third i n 
scarlet, with brief cases under their arm s, entered and walked briskly to the bench, 
which was several feet above  the level of the court room floor. The man in scarlet 
took the central, high-backed chair, placed his cap of office on the table, ran a 
 53

handkerchief over hi s small ba ld crown, and announced that t he hearing would now 
begin. 
The journalists had t heir fountai n pens rea dy; they al l wore the sam e expression of 
slight ly ironical indi fferen ce, with the exception of one , a much younger man than  
his colleagues, in gray flannels with a blue  tie, who, leaving his pen on the table, was 
gazing hard at me. He had a plain, rather  chunky face; what h eld my attention were 
his eyes, very pale, clear eyes, rivete d on me, though not betraying any definite  
emotion. For a m oment I had an odd im pression, as if I were being scrutinized by 
myself. That—and the fact that I was unfam iliar with court  procedure—may explain 
why I didn’t foll ow very we ll the opening phases: the drawing of lots for the jury, the 
various questions put by t he presiding judge  to the  Prosecutor, the fore man of the 
jury, and m y counsel (eac h time he spoke all the jurym en’s heads swung round 
together toward the bench), th e hurried reading of the char ge sheet, in the course of 
which I recognized some fam iliar name s of people and places; then some 
supplem entary questi ons put t o my lawyer. 
Next, the Judge announced that the court would call over the witness list. Some of 
the names read out by the clerk rather surprised m e. From  amongst  the c rowd, which 
until now I had seen  as a mer e blur of faces , rose, one after  the other, Ray mond , 
Masson, Salamano, the doorkeeper from  the Home, old Pérez, a nd Marie, who gave 
me a little nervous wave of he r hand before following the ot hers out by a side door. I 
was thinki ng how st range it was I hadn’t noticed  any of t hem before when I heard the 
last name called, that of Céleste. As he rose, I noticed  beside him the quaint little 
woman wi th a mannish coat a nd brisk, decided air, who ha d shared my table at  the 
restaurant. She had her eyes fixed on me , I noticed. But I hadn’t tim e to wonder 
about her; the Judge had started speaking again. 
He said that the trial  proper was about t o begin, a nd he need hardl y say that he  
expected the public t o refrain from  any de monstration whatsoever. He explained t hat 
he was there to supervise the proceedings, as  a sort of umpire, and he would take a 
scrupulously im partial view of the case. The verdict of the jury would be interpreted 
by him  in a spirit of justice. Finally, at th e least sign of a disturbance he would have 
the court cleared. 
The day was stoking up. Some of the public w ere fanning them selves with 
newspapers, and there was a c onstant rustle of crum pled paper. On a sign from  the 
presiding j udge the clerk of the  court bro ught t hree fans of pl aited straw, which the 
three judges prom ptly put in action. 
My exam ination began at once. The Judge questioned m e quite calm ly and even, I 
thought, with a hint of cordiali ty. For t he nth tim e I was asked to gi ve particulars of 
my identity and, though heartily sick of this  form ality, I realized that it was natural 
enough; after all, it would be  a shocking thing for the court to be trying the wrong 
man. 
 54

The Judge then launched into an account of what I’d done, stopping after every 
two or three senten ces to ask me, “Is that correct?” To which I always replied, “Yes,  
sir,” as my lawyer had advised me. It wa s a long business, as the Judge  lingered on 
each detail. Meanwhile the journalists sc ribbled busily away. But I was so metimes 
conscious of the eyes of the youngest fixe d on m e; also those of the queer little robot 
wom an. The jurymen, however, were all g azing at the red-robed judge, and I was 
again rem inded of the row of passengers on on e side of a tram. Presently he gave a  
slight cough, turned some p ages of his fi le, and, still fanning his face, addressed me 
gravely. 
He now proposed, he said, to trench on certain matters which, on a superficial 
view, mig ht seem foreign to the cas e, but actually were highly relevant. I guessed 
that he was going t o talk about Mother, a nd at the same m oment realized how odi ous 
I would fi nd this. Hi s first question was: Why had I sent m y mother to an instit ution? 
I replied that the reason was sim ple; I hadn’t enough m oney to see that she was 
properl y looked aft er at home. Then he asked if the parti ng hadn’t  caused me 
distress. I explained that neithe r Mother no r I expected m uch of one anot her—or, for 
that matter, of anybody else; so both of us had got used to the new conditions easily 
enough. The Judge t hen said t hat he had no wish t o press the point, and asked t he 
Prosecutor if he coul d think of any m ore ques tions that should be put to me at this 
stage. 
The Prosecutor, who had his back half turn ed to me, said, without  looking i n my 
direction, that, subject to His Honor’s a pproval, he would li ke to know if I’d gone 
back to the stream with the intention of killing the Arab. I said, “No .” In that case , 
why had I taken a revolver wit h me, and why go ba ck precisely  to that spot? I said it 
was a mat ter of pure chance . The Prosecutor then observed in a nasty tone: “Very 
good. That will be all for the present.” 
I couldn’t quite follow what came next . Anyhow, after some palavering am ong the  
bench, the Prosecutor, and m y counsel, th e presiding judge announced that the court  
would now rise; there was an adjournm ent till the afternoon,  when evidence would 
be taken. 
Almost before I knew what was happening I was rushed out  to the pri son van, 
which drove m e back, and I was given m y midday m eal. After a sh ort tim e, just 
enough for me to realize how tired I was feeli ng, they came for me. I was back in the 
same room, confronting the same faces, a nd the whole thing started again. But the 
heat had meanwhile much in creas ed, and by some miracl e fans had been procured 
for everyone: the jury, m y lawyer, the Pros ecutor, and som e of the journalists, too. 
The young m an and the robot wom an were still at their places. Bu t they were not 
fanning them selves and, as before, they never took their eyes off m e. 
I wiped t he sweat from  my face, but I was barely conscious of where or who I was 
until I heard the warden of the Home called  to the witness box. When asked if my 
 55

mother had com plained about  my conduct, he said, “Yes,” but that didn’t mean 
much; almost all the inmates of the Ho me had grievances against their re latives. Th e 
Judge asked him  to be m ore explicit; did she reproach m e with having sent her to the 
Home, an d he said, “Yes,” again. But this time he didn’t qualify his answer. 
To another question he replied that on th e day of the funeral he was somewhat 
surprised by m y calm ness. Asked to expl ain what he meant by “my calmn ess,” t he 
warden lowered his eyes and s tared at hi s shoes for a m oment. Then he explained 
that I hadn’t wanted to see Mother’s body, or shed a single tear , and that I’d left 
immediately the funeral ende d, without lingering at he r gra ve. Another thing had 
surprised him. One of the un dertaker’s men told him  that I didn’t know m y mother’s 
age. There was a short silence; then the J udge asked him  if he m ight take it that he 
was referring t o the prisoner in t he dock. Th e warden seemed puzzled by this, and th e 
Judge expl ained: “It’s a form al question. I am bound to put it.” 
The Prosecutor was then asked if he had any quest ions t o put, and he answered 
loudl y: “Certainly not! I have  all I want .” His tone and the look of tri umph on his 
face, as he glanced at me, wer e so m arked that I felt as I hadn’t felt for ages. I had a 
fooli sh desire to burst into tears. For th e first time I ’d realized  how all t hese people 
loathed me. 
After asking the jury and m y lawyer if th ey had any questions, the Judge heard the 
doorkeeper’s evidence. On stepping into th e box t he man threw a gl ance at me, then 
looked away. Replying to questi ons, he said that I’d declin ed to see Mother’s body, 
I’d sm oked cigarettes and slept, and drunk café au lait . It was then I felt a sort of 
wave of indignation spreading through the court room, and for the first t ime I 
understood that I was guilt y. They got the doorkeeper to repeat what he had said 
about the coffee and m y smoking. 
The Prosecutor turned to m e again, with  a gloati ng look i n his eyes. My counsel 
asked the doorkeeper if he, too, hadn’t  smoked. But the Prosecutor took strong 
exception to this. “I’d like to know,” he cr ied indignantly, “who is on trial in this 
court. Or does m y friend think that by aspe rsing a witness for t he prosecution he will  
shake the evidence, the abundant and cogent  evidence, against hi s client?” None the 
less, the Judge told the doorkeep er to answer the question. 
The old fellow fidge ted a bit. Then, “Well,  I know I didn’t ought t o have done it,” 
he m umbled, “but I did take  a cigarette from  the young gentl eman when he offered 
it—just out of polite ness.” 
The Judge asked me if I had any comment  to make. “None,” I said, “except that 
the witness is quite right. It’s true I offered hi m a ci garette.” 
The doorkeeper looked at m e with surprise  and a sort of gratitude. Then, after 
hemm ing and hawing for a bit , he volunteered the statement that it was he who’d 
suggested I shoul d have some coffee. 
 56

My lawyer was exultant. “The jury will appreciate,” he said, “the im portance of 
this adm ission.” 
The Prosecutor, how ever, was prom ptly on hi s feet again. “Quite so,” he boom ed 
above our heads. “The jury will appreciate it. And they w ill draw the conclusion that, 
though a third part y might inadvertently offe r him a cup of coffee, the prisoner, in 
comm on decency, should have re fused it, if only out  of re spect  for the dead body of 
the poor woman who had brought him  into the world.” 
After which the doorkeeper went back to his seat. 
When Thomas Pérez was called,  a court officer had. to help him  to the box. Pérez 
stated that, though he had been a great friend of m y mother, he had met me once 
only, on the day of the fune ral. Asked how I had beha ved that day, he said: 
“Well, I was m ost upset, you know. Far t oo much upset to not ice things.  My grief 
sort of bl inded me, I think. It had been a gr eat shock, m y dear friend’s death; in fact, 
I fainted during t he funeral. So I didn’t hardly notice the young gentlem an at all.” 
The Prosecutor asked him  to tell the court if he’d seen me weep. And when Pérez 
answered, “No,” added em phatica lly: “I trust the jury will take note of this reply.” 
My lawy er rose at o nce, and asked Pérez in a tone that seemed to me needlessly 
aggressive: 
“Now, think well, my man! Can you sw ear you saw he didn’t shed a tear?” 
Pérez answered, “No.” 
At this some people tittered,  and m y lawyer, pushing back one sleeve of his gown, 
said sternly: 
“That is typical of the way this case is be ing conducted. No attem pt is be ing m ade 
to elicit the true facts.” 
The Prosecutor ignored this remark; he was making dabs w ith hi s pencil on t he 
cover of his brief, seem ingly quite indifferent. 
There was a break of five min utes, durin g which my lawyer told me the case was  
going very well inde ed. Then Céleste was called. He was announced  as a witness for 
the defense. The d efense meant me. 
Now and again Céleste threw me a glance; he kept squeezing hi s Panam a hat 
between his hands a s he gave evidence. He  was in his best suit, the one he wore 
when someti mes of a Sunday he went with me to the races. But evidently he hadn’t 
been able to get his collar on; the top of his shi rt, I noticed, was secured only by a 
brass stud.  Asked if I was one of his custom ers, he said, “Yes, and a friend as well.”  
Asked to state his opinion of me, he said that I was “all right” and, when told to 
explain what he meant by that, he replied that everyone knew what that meant. “Was 
I a secretive sort of man?” “No,” he answered, “I shoul dn’t c all him  that. But he isn’t 
one to was te his breath, like a l ot of folks.” 
The Prosecutor asked him  if I always se ttled m y monthly bill at his restauran t 
when he presented it. Céleste laughed. “Oh, he paid on the nail, all right. But the bills 
 57

were just details-like, between him  and me .” Then he was asked to say what he 
thought about the crime. He placed his hands on t he rail of the box and one could see 
he had a speech all r eady. 
“To my mind it was just an accident, or a stroke of bad luck, if you prefer. And a 
thing li ke that takes you off your guard.” 
He wanted to continue, but the Judge cut him short. “Quite so. That’s all, thank 
you.” 
For a bit Cél este seemed flabbergasted; th en he explained t hat he hadn’t fi nishe d 
what he wanted to say. They told hi m to continue, but to make it brief. 
He only repeated that  it was  “just an accid ent.” 
“That’s as it m ay be,” the Judge observed. “B ut what we are here for is to try such  
accidents, according to law. You can stand down.” 
Céleste turned and gazed at me. His eyes were moist and his lips trembli ng. It was  
exactly as if he’d said: “Well, I’ve done my best for you, old man. I’m  afraid it 
hasn’t helped m uch. I’m sorry. ” 
I didn’t say anything, or m ake any m oveme nt, but for the first tim e in m y life I 
wanted to kiss a m an. 
The Judge repeated his order to stand down, and Céleste returned to his place 
amongst the crowd. During t he rest of th e hearing he remained there, leaning 
forward, elbows on knees and his Panama between his hands, not m issing a word of 
the proceedings. 
It was Marie’s turn next. She had a hat on and still looked qu ite pretty, though I 
much preferred her with her hair free. From  where I was I had glim pses of the soft 
curve of her breasts, and her underlip ha d the little pout that always fascinated me. 
She appeared very nervous. 
The first question was: How long had sh e known me? Since the time when she 
was in our office, she replied. Then the Judge asked her what were the relations 
between us, and she said she was m y girl friend. Answering a nother question, she 
admitted prom ising to marry me. The Prosecu tor, who had been studying a docu ment 
in front of him, asked her rather sharply when our “liaison” had begun. She gave the 
date. He then observed with a would-be cas ual air that apparently she meant the day 
following m y mother’s funeral.  After letting this sink in he rem arked in a slightly 
ironic t one that obviousl y this was a “delicate topic” and he could enter int o the 
young lady’s feelings, but—and  here his voice grew sterner—his duty obli ged hi m to 
waive considerations of delicacy. 
After m aking this announcem ent he asked Marie to gi ve a full account of our 
doings on the day when I had “intercours e” with her for the first time. Marie 
wouldn’t answer at first, but the Prosecutor insisted, and then she told him that  we 
had met at the baths, gone together to the pictures, and then to m y place. He then 
inform ed the court that, as a result of certain st atements made by Marie at t he 
 58

proceedings before the magistrate, he had studied the movie prog rams of that date, 
and turni ng to Marie asked her to nam e the film that we had gone to see. In a very 
low voice she said it was a pict ure with Ferna ndel in it. By the time she had finished, 
the courtroom  was so still you c ould have heard a pin drop. 
Looking very grave, the Prosecutor drew himself up to his ful l height and, 
point ing at m e, said in such a tone that I could have sworn he was genuinely m oved: 
“Gentlemen of the jury, I would have you note t hat on the next day after his 
mother’s funeral that man was visiti ng the swimm ing pool, st arting a li aison with a 
girl, and going to see a com ic film . That is all I wish to say.” 
When he sat down there was t he same d ead silence. Then all of a sudden Marie  
burst into tears. He’d got it all  wrong, she said; it wasn’t a bit like that  really, he’d 
bullied her into saying the opposite of what  she meant. She knew me very well, and  
she was sure I hadn’t done anything rea lly wrong—and so on. At a sign from  the 
presiding judge, one of the court officers led her away, and the hearing continued. 
Hardly anyone seemed to listen to Masson, th e next witness. He stated that I was a 
respectabl e young fe llow; “and, what’s more, a very decent ch ap.” Nor did they pa y 
any m ore attention to Salaman o, when he to ld them  how kind I’d always been t o his 
dog, or when, in answer to a question a bout my mother and m yself, he said that 
Mother and I had ve ry little in co mmon and that explaine d why I’d fixe d up for her 
to enter t he Home. “You’ve got  to unde rstand,” he added.  “You’ve got  to 
understand.” But no one seemed to unders tand. He was told to stand down. 
Raym ond was the next, and last, witness. He  gave me a little wa ve of his hand and 
led off by saying I was innocen t. The Judge rebuked him . 
“You are here to give evidence, not your  views on t he case, and you m ust confi ne 
yourself to answering the questions put you.” 
He was then asked t o make cl ear his re lations with the de ceased, and Raym ond 
took this opport unity of explaining t hat it was he, not I, against  whom  the dead man 
had a grudge, because he, Ra ymond, had beaten up his si ster. The judge asked him  if 
the deceased had no reason to  dislike me, too. Raym ond told him that m y presence 
on the beach that m orning was a pure coincidence. 
“How comes it then,” the Prosecutor i nquired,  “that the lett er which led up t o this 
tragedy was the prisoner’s work?” 
Raym ond replied that this, too,  was due to m ere chance. 
To which the Prosecutor retorted that in this case “chance” or “mere coincidence ” 
seemed to play a remarkably large part. Was it b y chance t hat I hadn’t intervened  
when Raym ond assaulted his m istress? Did this convenient term  “chance” account  
for m y having vouc hed for Raym ond at the police station and having made, on that 
occasion, statements extravagantly favor able to him? I n conclusion he asked  
Raym ond to state what were his m eans of livelihood. 
 59

On his describing hi mself as a warehousem an, the Prosecutor in form ed the jury it 
was common knowledge that the witness lived on the imm oral earnings of wom en. I, 
he said, was this m an’s intim ate friend and associate; in fact, the whole background 
of the cri me was of the m ost squalid descri ption. A nd what made it even m ore odious 
was the personality of the prisoner, an inhum an m onster wholly without a m oral 
sense. 
Raym ond began to expost ulate, and m y lawyer, too, protested. They were told that 
the Prosecutor m ust be allowed to finish his rem arks. 
“I have nearly done,” he said; then tu rned to Raym ond. “Was the prisoner your 
friend?” 
“Certainly. We were the best  of pals, as  they say.” 
The Prosecutor then put me the same ques tion. I l ooked hard at Ray mond, and h e 
did not t urn away. 
Then, “Yes,” I answered. 
The Prosecutor turne d toward the jury. 
“Not only did t he man before you in the do ck indulge in the most shamef ul orgies 
on the day following his m other’s death.  He killed a man cold-bloodedly, in 
pursuance of som e sordid vendetta in the underworl d of prosti tutes and pim ps. That, 
gentlem en of the jury, is the t ype of m an the prisoner is.” 
No sooner had he sat  down than m y lawyer, out of all patience, raised his arm s so 
high that his sleeves fell back, showing th e full length of his sta rched shirt  cuffs. 
“Is m y client on trial for having buried hi s mother, or for ki lling a man?” he asked. 
There were so me titters in court. But then  the Prosecutor sprang to his feet and, 
draping hi s gown round him , said he was amazed at his fri end’s ingenuousness in 
failing to see that bet ween these two elements  of the case th ere was a vital link. They 
hung together psyc hologically, if he m ight put it so. “In short,” he concluded, 
speaking with great vehemence, “I accuse the prisoner of behaving at his m other’s 
funeral in a way that showed he was already a cri minal at hear t.” 
These words seemed  to take much effect on the jury and publ ic. My lawyer merely  
shrugged his shoul ders and wi ped the sweat from  his forehead. But obviousl y he was 
rattled, an d I had a feeling th ings weren’t going well for me. 
Soon after this incident the court rose. As  I was being taken fro m the courthouse to 
the prison van, I was conscious  for a few brief m oments of the once fami liar feel of a 
summer evening out-of-doors.  And, sitting in the darkness of m y moving cell, I 
recognized, echoing in m y tired brain, all the characteristic soun ds of a town I’d 
loved, and of a certain hour of t he day whic h I had always particularly enjoyed. The 
shout s of newspaper boys i n the already langui d air, the last calls of birds i n the 
public garden, the cries of sa ndwich vendors, the screech of streetcars at the st eep 
corners of the upper town, and that faint rustli ng overhead as darkness sifted dow n 
 60

upon t he harbor—all these sounds m ade m y return to pri son like a blind m an’s 
journey al ong a rout e whose every inch he knows by heart. 
Yes, this was the evening hour when—how  long ago it seemed!—I always felt so 
well content with life. Then, what awaited me was a night of easy, dream less sleep. 
This was the sam e hour, but w ith a differe nce; I was returning to a cell, and what 
awaited me was a night haunt ed by forebodings of t he coming day. And so I learned 
that fam iliar paths traced in the dusk of su mmer evenings m ay lead  as well to prisons 
as to innocent, untroubled sleep. 
 61

IV 
IT is always interesting, even in the pr isoner’s doc k, to hear oneself being talked 
about. And certainly in the speech es of my lawyer and the prosecuting counse l a 
great deal was said about m e; more, in fact, about m e personally than about m y 
crime. 
Really there wasn’t any very great di fference b etween the two speeches . Counsel  
for the defense raised his arm s to heav en and pleaded guilty, but with e xtenuating 
circu mstances. The Prosecutor m ade similar gestures; he agreed that I was guilty, but 
denied extenuating circum stances. 
One thing about thi s phase of t he trial was rather irksom e. Quite  often, interested 
as I was in what they had to say, I was tempted to put in a word, m yself. But m y 
lawyer had advised me not to. “You won’ t do your case any good by talking,” he had 
warned me. In fact, there seemed to be  a conspiracy to exclude me from the 
proceedings; I wasn’t to have any say an d my fate was to be decided out of hand. 
It was quite an effort at times for m e to refrain from  cutting them  all short, and 
saying: “B ut, dam n it all, who’s on trial in this court,  I’d like to know? It’s a serious 
matter for a man, bei ng accused of murder. And I’ve so meth ing really important to 
tell you.” 
However, on second thoughts,  I found I had not hing to sa y. In any case, I must  
admit that hearing oneself talked about lose s its interest very soon. The Prosecutor’s 
speech, especially, began to bore me befo re he was halfway through it. The onl y 
things tha t really caught m y attention we re occasional phrases, his gestures, and 
some el aborate tirades—but th ese wer e isolated patches. 
What he was ai ming at, I gather ed, was to show that m y crim e was premeditated. I 
remember his saying at one m oment, “I can prove this, gentlemen of the jury, to the 
hilt. First, you have the facts of the crime;  which are as clear as daylight. And then 
you have what I m ay call the night  side of thi s case, the da rk workings of a crim inal 
mentality.” 
He began by summ ing up the facts, from  my m other’s death onward. He stressed 
my heartlessness, m y inability to state Mother’s age, m y visit to the swimming pool 
where I m et Marie, our matinee  at the pi ctures where a Fe rnandel film  was showing, 
and finally m y return with Marie to m y rooms. I didn’t  quite foll ow hi s remarks at 
first, as he  kept on mentioning “the pri soner’s m istress,” whereas for m e she was just 
“Marie.” Then he came to the subject of Ra ymond. It seemed to m e that his way of 
treating the facts showed a certain shrewdne ss. All he said sounded quite plausible. 
I’d written the letter in collusion with Raym ond so as to entice his mistress to his 
room  and subject her to ill -treatment by a man  “of more than dubious reputation.” 
Then, on the beach, I’d provok ed a brawl with Raym ond’s enem ies, in the course of 
 62

which Raym ond was wounde d. I’d asked him  for his revolver and gone back by 
myself with the intention of using it. Then  I’d shot the Arab. After the first shot I 
waited. Then, “to be certain of m aking a good j ob of it,” I fired four m ore shots 
deliberately, point-bl ank, and in  cold blood, at m y victim. 
“That is my case,” he said. “I have descri bed to you the series of events which led  
this man to kill the deceased, fully aware of wh at he was doing. I em phasize this 
point. We are not concerned with an act  of hom icide committed on a sudden im pulse 
which m ight serve as extenuation. I ask you to  note, gentlemen of the jury, that t he 
prisoner is an educated man. You will  have observe d the way in which he answered 
my questions; he is intelligent and he knows the value of wo rds. And I repeat that it 
is quite im possible to assu me that, wh en he co mmitt ed the cri me, he was  unaware 
what he was doing.” 
I noticed that he laid stress on m y “intel ligence.” It  puzzled me r ather why what 
would count as a good point in an ordinary  person should be used against an accus ed 
man as an  overwhelm ing proof of his guilt. While thinking this over, I m issed what 
he said next, until I heard him exclaim  indignantly: “And has he uttered a word of 
regret for his m ost odious crime? Not one word, gentlem en. Not on ce in the course of 
these proceedings did this ma n show the least contrition.” 
Turning t oward the dock, he  pointed a  finger at me, and went on i n the same 
strain. I really couldn’t underst and why he harp ed on this point so m uch. Of course, I 
had to ow n that he was right; I didn’t feel much regret for what I’d done. Still, to my  
mind he overdid it, and I’d have liked to ha ve a chance of explaining to him , in a 
quite friendly, alm ost affectionate way, that  I have never been able really t o regre t 
anything i n all m y life. I’ve always been  far too much ab sorbed in the present 
moment, or the imm ediate future, to think b ack. Of course, in th e position into which  
I had been forced, there was no question of  my speaking to anyone in that tone. I 
hadn’t the  right to show any friendly fee ling or possess good inte ntions. And I tried 
to follow what came  next, as  the Prosecutor was now cons idering what he called m y 
“soul.” 
He said he’d studied it closely—and had found a blank, “literally nothing,  
gentlem en of the jury.” Really, he said, I had no soul, there was nothi ng hum an about 
me, not one of those moral qualities which normal men possess had any place in my  
mentality. “No doubt,” he  added, “we should not re proach  him with this. We cannot 
blam e a man for lacking what it was never in  his power to acq uire. But i n a cri minal 
court the wholly pa ssive ideal of tolerance m ust give place to a sterner, loftier ideal , 
that of justice. Especi ally when  this lack of every decent instinct is such as that of the 
man before you, a menace to  society.” He proceeded to  discuss m y conduct toward 
my mother, repeating what he had said in th e course of the hearing. But he spoke  at 
much greater length of my crime— at su ch le ngth, indeed, that I lost the thread and 
was conscious onl y of the stead ily increasing heat. 
 63

A mo ment  came wh en the Pros ecutor paused and, after a short silence, said in a 
low, vibrant voice: “This sam e court, gen tlemen, will be called on to try tom orrow 
that most odious of cri mes, the murder of a father  by hi s son.” To his m ind, such a 
crime was alm ost unimaginable. But, he ve ntured to hope, j ustice would be meted 
out without paltering.  And yet, he made bold t o say, the ho rror that even the crime of 
parricide inspired in him  paled beside the loathing inspired  by m y callousness. 
“This m an, who is morally guilty of his m other’s death, is no  less unfit to have a 
place in the co mmu nity than that other ma n who did to death the father that begat 
him. And, indeed, the one crime led on to th e other; the first of these two crim inals, 
the m an in the dock, set a precedent, if I may put it so, and authorized the second 
crime. Yes, gentlemen, I am  convinced”— here he raised his voice a tone—“that you 
will not find I am  exaggerating the case against the prisoner when I say that he is also 
guilty of t he murder to be tried tom orrow in this court. And I look t o you for a 
verdict accordingly.” 
The Prosecutor paused again, to wipe th e sweat off his face. He then explained 
that his duty was a painful one, but  he woul d do it without  flinching. “This m an has, 
I repeat, no place in a co mmunity whose basic principles he flouts without 
compunction. Nor, heartless as he is, has he any claim to mercy. I ask you to im pose 
the extreme penalty of the law; and I ask it without a qualm. In the course of a long 
career, in which it has often been m y duty to ask for a capital sentence, never have I 
felt that painful duty weigh so little on m y mind as in the present case. In demanding 
a verdict of m urder without extenuating ci rcum stances, I am following not only t he 
dictates of my conscience a nd a sacred obligation, but also t hose of the  natural and 
righteous indignation I feel at the sight of  a crimi nal devoid of the least spark of  
human feeling.” 
When the Prosecutor sat down there was a longish silen ce. Personally I was quite 
overcome by the heat and my amazement  at what I had been hearing. The presidi ng 
judge gave  a short cough, and asked m e in a very l ow tone if I ha d anyt hing t o say. I 
rose, and as I felt in the m ood to speak, I sa id the first t hing that crossed m y mind: 
that I’d ha d no intention of kil ling the Arab. The Judge repli ed that this statement 
would be t aken into consider ation by the court. Meanwhile he would be glad to hear, 
before m y counsel addressed t he court, what  were the m otives of m y crime. So far, 
he m ust adm it, he hadn’t fully unders tood the grounds of m y defense. 
I tried to explain that  it was because of th e sun, but I spoke too quickly and ran my 
words int o each other. I was only too c onscious that it sounded nonsensical, and, in 
fact, I h eard people tittering. 
My lawyer shrugged his shoul ders. Then he was directed to address the  court, in 
his turn. But all he did was to point out the lateness of the hour and t o ask for an 
adjournm ent till the following afternoo n. To this the judge agreed. 
 64

When I was brought back next day, the el ectric fans were still churning up the 
heavy air and the jurym en plying their gaudy little fans in a sort of ste ady rhythm. 
The speech for the defense seemed to m e interm inable . At one m oment, however, I 
pricked up m y ears; it was wh en I heard hi m saying: “It is true I killed a man .” He 
went on in the same strain, saying “I” when  he referred to me. It seemed so queer 
that I bent toward the policem an on m y right and asked him to explai n. He told me to  
shut up; then, after a m oment, whispered: “They all do that.” It seemed to me that the 
idea behind it was sti ll further t o exclude me from t he case, to put me off the map. so 
to speak, by substituting the lawyer for m yself. Anyway, it hardly m attered; I already 
felt worlds away from this courtr oom and its tedious “proceedings.” 
My lawyer, in any case, struck me as feeb le to the point of being ridic ulous. He 
hurried t hrough his plea of provocation, and th en he, too, started in about m y soul. 
But I had an im pression that he had m uch less talent than the Prosecutor.  
“I, too,” he said, “have closel y studied this m an’s soul;  but,  unli ke my learned 
friend for the prosecution, I have found some thing there. Indeed, I may say that I 
have read the prisoner’s m ind like an open book.” What he had read there was that I 
was an excellent young fellow, a steady, conscientious worker who did his best  by 
his em ployer; that I was popul ar with ever yone and sym pathetic in others’ troubl es. 
According to him  I was a dutiful son, w ho had supported hi s mother as long as he 
was able. After anxious consid eration I had reached  the conc lusion that, by entering a 
home, the old lady would have com forts that  my means didn’t perm it me to provide 
for her. “I am  astounded, gentlem en,” he added, “ by the attitude taken up by m y 
learned fri end in referring to this Hom e. Surely if proof be needed of the excelle nce 
of such institutions, we need only rem ember that they are prom oted and financed by  
a governm ent department.” I noticed that  he made no reference to  the funeral, and 
this seemed to me a serious om ission. But, what with his long-windedness, the 
endless days and hours they ha d been discussing m y “soul,” and the rest of it, I found 
that m y mind had gone blurred; everything was dissol ving into a grayish, watery 
haze. 
Only one incident st ands out ; toward th e end, while m y counsel rambled on, I 
heard the tin trum pet of an ice-cream  vendor in the street, a small, shrill sound 
cutting across the flow of words. And then  a rush of m emories went through m y 
mind—mem ories of a life which was m ine no longer and had once provi ded me with 
the surest,  hum blest pleasures: warm  smells of summer, my favorite streets, the sky 
at evening, Marie’s dresses and her laugh.  The futility of what was happening here 
seemed to take me b y the throa t, I felt lik e vomiting, and I had only one idea: to get it 
over, to go back to my ce ll, and sleep ... and sleep. 
Dimly I heard m y counsel making his last appeal. 
“Gentlemen of the j ury, surely you wil l not send to his death a decent, hard-
working young m an, because for one tragic m oment he lost his self-control? Is he not 
 65

sufficientl y punished by the lifelong rem orse that is to be his lot? I confidentl y await 
your verdict, the only verdict possibl e—that of hom icide with extenuating 
circu mstances.” 
The court rose, and the lawyer sat down,  looki ng thoroughl y exhausted. Som e of 
his colleagues came to him  and shook his hand. “You put up a magnificent show, old 
man,” I heard one of them  say. Another la wyer even called me to witness: “Fine, 
wasn’t it?” I agreed, but insincerely; I was far too tired to judge if it had been “fine” 
or otherwi se. 
Meanwhile the day was ending and the heat becom ing less intense. By some vague 
sounds that reached me from t he street I knew that the cool  of the evening had set in. 
We all sat on, waiting. And what we all were waiting for rea lly concerned nobody 
but m e. I looked round the courtroom . It was exactly as it had been on t he first day. I 
met the eyes of the journalist in gray an d the robot woman. This rem inded m e that 
not once during t he whole hearing had I tried to catch Marie’s eye. It wasn’t that I’d 
forgotten her; onl y I was too preoccupied. I saw her  now, seat ed between Céleste and  
Raym ond. She gave m e a little wave of her ha nd, as if to say, “At last!” She was 
smiling, but I could tell that she was rather  anxious. But m y hear t seemed turned to 
stone, and I couldn’t even return her sm ile. 
The judges came back to their seats. Someone  read out t o the jury, very rapidly, a 
string of questions. I caught a word here and there. “Murder of malice aforethought 
... Provocation ... Extenuating circum stances.” The jury went out, and I was taken to  
the little room  where I had already waited. My  lawyer came to see me; he was very 
talkative and showed m ore co rdiality and confidence than ever before. He assured 
me that all would go well and I’d get of f with a few years’ im prisonm ent or 
transportation. I aske d him  what were th e chances of getting the sentence quashed. 
He said there was no  chance of  that. He h ad not raised any point of law, as this was 
apt to prejudice the jury. And i t was difficult to get a judgment quashed except on 
technical grounds. I saw his point, and agr eed. Looking at the matter dispassionately,  
I shared his view. Otherwise there would be no end to litigation. “In any case,” the  
lawyer said, “you can appeal i n the ordi nary way. But I’m  convinced the verdict will 
be favorable.” 
We waited for quite a while, a good three qua rters of an hour, I shoul d say. Then a 
bell rang. My lawyer  left me, saying: 
“The foreman of the jury w ill read out the answers. You will be called o n after that 
to hear the judgm ent.” 
Some doors banged.  I heard people hurrying down flights of steps, but  couldn’t  
tell whether they were near by or distan t. Then I heard a voice droning away in the 
courtroom. 
When the bell rang again and I steppe d back into the dock, the silence of th e 
courtroom closed in round m e, and with th e silence came a q ueer sensation when I 
 66

noticed that, for the. first tim e, the young journalist kept his eyes averted. I didn’t 
look in M arie’s direction. In fact, I had no tim e to look, as t he presidi ng judge had 
already started pronouncing a rigmarole to th e effect that “in the name of the French  
people” I was to be decapita ted in som e public place. 
It seem ed to m e then  that I could interp ret the look on the faces  of those present; it 
was one of  almost res pectful symp athy. The policemen, too, handled me very gently. 
The l awyer placed h is hand on m y wrist. I had stopped thinking altogether. I heard  
the Judge’s voice asking i f I had anything m ore to say. After thinking for a m oment, 
I answered , “No.” Th en the policemen l ed me out. 
 67

V 
I HAVE just refuse d, for the third time, to see the prison chaplain. I have nothing to 
say to him, don’t feel like talking—and shall be seeing him  quite soon enough, 
anyway. The only t hing that i nterests me now is the problem of circumventing t he 
machine, learning if the in evitable adm its a loophol e. 
They have m oved me to anot her cell. In this one, lyi ng on m y back, I can see the 
sky, and there is nothing else to see. A ll my time is spent in watching the slowly 
changing colors of t he sky, as day m oves on to night. I put  my hands behind my 
head, gaze up, and wait. 
This probl em of a loophole obsesses me; I am  always wondering i f there have 
been cas es of condemned prisoners’ es caping from the i mplacab le machinery of 
justice at the last m oment, breaking throu gh the poli ce cordon, vanishing in the nick 
of tim e before the guillotine falls. Often and often I blam e myself for not having 
given m ore attention to accounts of publi c executions. One shoul d always take an 
interest in such matters. There’s never any knowing what one may come to. Like 
everyone else I’d read descriptions of ex ecutions i n the papers. But technical books 
dealing with this subject m ust certainly  exist; only I’d never felt sufficiently  
interested to look them  up. And i n thes e books I m ight have found escape stories. 
Surely the y’d have t old m e that in one  case, anyhow, the wheels had stopped; t hat 
once, if only once, in that ine xorable marc h of events, chance or luck had played a 
happy part. Just once! In a wa y I think that single i nstance would have satisfied me. 
My em otion would have done the rest. The pa pers often tal k of “a debt owed to 
society”—a debt which, according to them, must be paid by t he offender. But talk of 
that sort doesn’t touch the imagination. No , the one thing that c ounted for me was the 
possibility of m aking a dash for it and def eating their bloodthirsty rite; of a mad  
stam pede to freedom  that would anyhow give me a m oment’s hope, the gam bler’s 
last throw. Naturally, all that “hope” coul d com e to was to be  knocked down at the 
corner of a street or picked  off by a bullet in my back. But, all things considered, 
even this luxury was forbidden m e; I was caught in the rattrap irrevocably. 
Try as I might, I couldn’t st omach this br utal certitude. For really, when one came 
to thi nk of it, there was a disproporti on between the judgm ent on which i t was based 
and the unalterable sequence of events star ting from  the m oment when that judgment  
was delivered. The fact that the verdict was r ead o ut at eight P.M. rather than at five, 
the fact that it m ight have been quite diff erent, that it was given by m en who change 
their unde rclothes, and was credited to so vague an entity as the “French people” —
for that matter, why not to the Chines e or the Ger man people?— all these facts 
seemed to deprive t he court’s decision of  much of its gra vity. Yet I could but 
recognize that, from  the m oment the verdict wa s given, its effects became as cogent, 
 68

as tangible, as , for ex ample, this wall  agai nst which I was lying, pressing m y back to 
it. 
When such thoughts crossed m y mind, I re membered a story Mother used to tell  
me about m y father. I never set eyes on hi m. Perhaps the only things I really knew 
about him were what Mother had told me. One of these was that he’d gone to see a 
murderer executed. The mere thought of it turne d his stomach. But he’d seen it 
through and, on com ing home, was violently sick. At the time, I found m y father’s 
conduct rather disgusting. But now I underst ood; i t was so natura l. How had I failed 
to recogni ze that nothing was m ore im portant than an execution; that , viewed from 
one angle, it’s the only thing tha t can genuin ely interest a man? And I decided that, i f 
ever I got  out of jai l, I’d attend every execution t hat took place. I was unwise, no 
doubt, even to consider this  possibility. For, the m oment  I’d pictured m yself in 
freedom, standing behind a double rank of po licem en—on the right si de of the line, 
so to speak—the m ere thought of being a n onlooker who comes to see the show, and 
can go home and vom it afterward, flooded m y mind with a wild, absurd exultation. It 
was a stupid thi ng to let m y imagination run away with m e like that; a m oment later I 
had a shivering fit and had to wrap m yself closely in m y blanket. But m y teeth went 
on chattering; not hing would st op them. 
Still, obviously, one can’t be  sensible all the tim e. Another equally ridiculous 
fancy of mine was to frame new laws, alte ring the pe nalties. What was wanted, to my  
mind, was to give the crim inal a chance, if  only a dog’s chance; say, one chance in a 
thousand. There m ight be som e drug, or combination of drugs, which would kil l the 
patient (I thought of him  as “the patient”) nine hundred  and ninety times in a 
thousand. That he should know this was, of  course, essential. For after taking m uch 
thought, calm ly, I came to the conclusion that what was wrong about the guillotine 
was that the condem ned m an had no chance at all, absolutely none. In fact, the 
patient’s death had been ordained irrevo cably. It was a foregone conclusion. If by 
some fluke the knife didn’t do its job, they started again. So it came to this, that—
against the grain, no doubt— the condem ned man had to hope the apparatus was in 
good working order! This, I thought, was a flaw in the system ; and, on the face of it, 
my view was sound enough.  On the othe r hand, I had t o adm it it proved t he 
efficiency of the system . It came to th is; the m an under sentence was obliged to 
collaborate mentally, it was in his interest  that all should go off without a hitch. 
Another thing I had to recognize was th at, until now, I’d had wrong ideas on the 
subject. For som e reason I’d al ways suppos ed that one had to go up ste ps and climb 
on to a scaffold, to be guillotined. Probabl y that was because o f the 1789 Revolution; 
I mean, what I’d learned about  it at school , and the pictures I had seen. Then one 
morning I rem embered a photograph the newspa pers had featured on the occasion of 
the executi on of a famous cri minal. Actu ally the apparatus stood on the ground; t here 
was nothing very im pressing about it, and it was m uch narrower than I’d imagined. It 
 69

struck me as rather odd that picture had escap ed my memory  until now. What had 
struck m e at the tim e was the neat appear ance of the guillotine; its shining surfaces 
and finish rem inded me of some laborator y inst rument. One always has exaggerated 
ideas about what one doesn’t  know. N ow I had to adm it it seem ed a very si mple 
process, getting guillotined; the machine is  on the  sam e level as the man, and he 
walks toward it as he steps forward to meet somebody he knows. In a sense, that, too, 
was disappoint ing. The business of clim bing a scaffold, leaving the world below, so 
to speak, gave som ething for a m an’s imagin ation t o get hold of. But, as it was, the 
machine dom inated everything; they kill ed you discreetly, with a hint of sham e and 
much efficiency. 
There were two other things about which I was always thi nking: the dawn and m y 
appeal. However, I did m y best to keep my mind off t hese thoughts.  I lay down, 
looked up at the sky, and forced m yself to  study it. When the light began to turn 
green I knew that night was com ing. Another thing I did to deflect the course of my 
thoughts was to list en to m y heart. I coul dn’t im agine that thi s faint t hrobbi ng which 
had been with m e for so long would ever cease. Imagination has never been one of 
my strong points. Still, I tried to picture a moment when the beating of m y heart no 
longer echoed in m y head. But, in vain. Th e dawn and m y appeal were still there. 
And I ended by believing it wa s a silly thing to try to force one’s thoughts out of 
their natural groove. 
They al ways came f or one at dawn; that  much I knew. So, really, all m y nights 
were spen t in waiting for that dawn. I ha ve never liked bei ng taken by surprise. 
When something happens to me I want to be ready for it. That’s why I got into t he 
habit of sl eeping off and on i n the dayt ime and watching through t he night  for t he 
first hint of daybreak in the dark dom e above. The worst peri od of the night was that 
vague hour when, I knew, they usually co me; once it was after m idnight I waited , 
listening intently. Never befo re had m y ears perceived so many noises, such tiny 
sounds. Still, I m ust say I wa s lucky in one respect; never during any of those periods 
did I hear footsteps.  Mother used to sa y that however miserable one is, ther e’s 
always something to be thankful for. A nd each m orning, when the sky bri ghtened 
and light began to flood m y cell, I agreed w ith her. Because I m ight just as well have  
heard foot steps, and felt m y heart shattered into bit s. Even though the faintest rustle 
sent me hurryi ng to the door a nd, pressing an ear to the rough, cold wood, I listened 
so intently that I could hear my breathi ng, quick a nd hoarse like a dog’s panti ng—
even so there was an  end; m y heart hadn’ t split, and I knew I h ad another twenty-four 
hours’ respite. 
Then all d ay there was my a ppeal to think about . I made the m ost of this idea, 
studying my effects  so as to squeeze out th e maxim um of consolation. Thus, I always 
began by assum ing the worst; my appeal was di smiss ed. Th at meant, of co urse, I was  
to die. Sooner than others, obviously. “But,” I rem inded m yself, “it’s common 
 70

knowledge that life isn’t wort h livi ng, a nyhow.” And, on a wide view, I could see 
that it makes little difference whether one dies at the age of thirty  or threescore and 
ten—since, in either case, other men and women will continue living, the world will 
go on as before. Also, whether I died now or  forty years hence, this busi ness of dyi ng 
had to be  got through, inevitably. Still,  somehow this line of thought wasn’t as 
consoling as it shoul d have been; the idea of all those years of life in hand was a 
galling rem inder! However,  I could argue m yself out of it, by picturing what would 
have been m y feelings when m y term was up, and death had cornered me. Once 
you’re up against it, the precise manne r of your death has obviousl y small 
importance. Therefore—but it  was hard not  to lose the thread of the argu ment  
leading up to that “therefore”—I shoul d be prepared to face the dism issal of my 
appeal. 
At this stage, but onl y at this st age, I had, so to speak, the right , and accordingly I 
gave m yself leave, to consi der the ot her alternative; that my appeal was successful. 
And then the troubl e was to calm  down that  sudden rush of joy racing through my 
body and even bringing tears t o my eyes. But it was up to m e to bring m y nerves t o 
heel and steady m y mind; for, even in co nsidering this possibility, I had to keep some 
order i n my thoughts, so as to make m y consolations, as regards the first alternative, 
more plausible. When I’d succeeded, I had earned a good hour’s peace of m ind; and  
that, anyhow, was something. 
It was at one of these mo ments that I re fused once again to s ee the chaplain. I was  
lying dow n and coul d mark the summer ev ening com ing on by a soft golden glow 
spreading across the sky. I ha d just tu rned down m y appeal, and felt m y blood 
circulating with slow, steady throbs. No, I di dn’t want to see the chaplai n. ... Th en I 
did som ething I hadn’t done for qui te a wh ile; I fell to thinking about Marie. She 
hadn’t wri tten for ages; proba bly, I surm ised, she had grown tired of being the 
mistress o f a man sentenced to death. Or sh e might be ill, or d ead. After all, such 
things happen. How could I ha ve known about  it, since, apart from  our t wo bodies, 
separated now, there was no li nk between us, nothing t o remind us of each other? 
Supposing she were dead, her m emory w ould m ean nothi ng; I coul dn’t feel an 
interest in a dead girl. This seemed to me quite norm al; just as I realized people 
would soon forget me once I was dead. I c ouldn’t even say that this was h ard to 
stom ach; really, there’s no idea to whic h one doesn’t get acclimatized in time. 
My thoughts had re ached this poi nt whe n the chaplain walked in, unannounced. I 
couldn’t help giving a start on seeing him. He  noticed this evidently, as he prom ptly 
told m e not to be alarm ed. I rem inded him  that usually his visits were at another 
hour, and for a pretty grim  occasion. This, he  replied, was just a friendly visit; it had 
no concern with m y appeal, about  which he  knew not hing. Then he sat down on m y 
bed, asking me to sit  beside him. I refuse d—not because I  had anything against him;  
he seemed  a mild, ami able man. 
 71

He remained quite still at first, his arm s resting on his knees, his eyes fixed on his 
hands. They were slender but sinewy hands , which m ade me think of two nim ble 
little animals. Then he gently rubbed the m together. He stayed so long in the sa me 
position that for a while I alm ost forgot he was there. 
All of a sudden he jerked his h ead up and looked me in the eyes. 
“Why,” he asked, “don’t you let m e come to see you?” 
I explained that I didn’t believe in God. 
“Are you really so sure of that?” 
I said I saw no point  in troubli ng m y head  about the matter; wh ether I believed or 
didn’t was, to m y mind, a ques tion of so little im portance. 
He then leaned back  against the wall, l aying hi s hands flat on his t highs. Alm ost 
without se eming to address m e, he remarked  that he’d often noticed one fancies one 
is quite sure about something, when in point  of fact one isn’t . When I said nothing, 
he looked at me ag ain, and asked: 
“Don’t you agree?” 
I said that  seemed quite possi ble. But, though I m ightn’t be so sure about what 
interested me, I was absolute ly sure about what didn’t in terest  me. And the question 
he had raised didn’t i nterest m e at all. 
He looked away and, without altering hi s posture, asked if it was because I felt 
utterly desperate that I spoke like this. I e xplained that it wasn’t despair I felt, but 
fear—which was natural enough. 
“In t hat case,” he said firm ly, “God can help you. All the men I’ve seen in your 
positi on turned to Him in their time of trouble.” 
Obviously, I replied, they were at liberty to do so, if they felt like it. I, however, 
didn’t want to be helped, a nd I hadn’t  time to work up interest for something that 
didn’t interest m e. 
He fluttered his hands fretfully; then, sitting up, sm oothed out his cassock. When  
this was done he began talk ing again, addressing me as  “my friend.” It wasn’t 
because I’ d been condem ned to death, he said, that he spoke to me in this way. In his 
opini on every m an on the earth was under sentence of death. 
There, I i nterrupted him; that wasn’t th e same thing, I pointed out, and, what’s 
more, could be no consolation. 
He nodded. “Maybe. Still, if you don’t die soon, you’ll die one day. And then the 
same question will arise. How will you face that  terrible, final hour?” 
I replied that I’d face it exactly as I was facing it now. 
Thereat he stood up, and look ed me straight in the eyes . It was a trick I knew well . 
I used to a muse m yself trying i t on Emma nuel and Céleste, and ni ne times out of ten 
they’d look away unco mfortably. I could s ee the chaplain was an old hand at it, as  
his gaze n ever falter ed. And his voice was quite steady when he said: “Have you no 
 72

hope at all? Do you really think that when you die you die outright, and nothi ng 
remains?” 
I said: “Yes.” 
He dropped his eyes and sat down again. He was truly sorry fo r me, he said. It 
must make life unbearable for a man, to think as I did. 
The priest was beginning to bore m e, and,  resting a shoulder on the wall, just 
beneath the little skylight, I looked away. Though I didn’t trouble much to follow 
what he said, I gathered he was questi oning m e again. Presently his t one became 
agitated, u rgent, and, as I reali zed that he was genuinely dist ressed, I began to pay 
more attention. 
He said he felt convinced m y appeal w ould succeed , but I was saddled with a load 
of guilt, of which I m ust get rid. In his view man’s justice was a vain thing; only 
God’s just ice mattered. I point ed out tha t the form er had condem ned me. Yes, he 
agreed, bu t it hadn’t absolved me fro m my sin. I told him  that I wasn’t  conscious of 
any “sin”; all I knew was that I’d been gu ilty of a crim inal o ffense. Well, I was 
paying the  penalty of that offe nse, and no one had the right  to expect an ything mo re 
of me. 
Just t hen he got up again, and it st ruck me  that if he wanted  to m ove in this tiny 
cell, al most the only choice lay between  standing up and si tting down. I was staring 
at the floor. He took a single step toward me, and halted, as  if he di dn’t dare to come 
nearer. Then he looked up th rough the bars at the sky. 
“You’re mistaken, my son,” he said gravel y. “There’s m ore that might be required 
of you. And perhaps it will be required of you.” 
“What do you m ean?” 
“You m ight be asked to see ...” 
“To see what?” 
Slowly the priest gazed round my cell, a nd I was struck by the sadness of his voice 
when he replied: 
“These stone walls, I know it only too well,  are steeped in human suffering. I’ve 
never been able to look at them  without  a shudder. And ye t—believe m e, I am 
speaking from  the depths of m y heart—I know  that even the wr etchedest amo ngst 
you have sometim es seen, taking form  against that grayness, a divine face. It’s that 
face you are asked to see.” 
This roused m e a little. I informed him  that I’d been staring at those walls for 
months; there was nobody, nothing in the world, I knew better than I knew them. 
And once upon a tim e, perhaps, I used t o try to see a face. But it was a sun-gol d face, 
lit up with desire—Marie’s face. I had no lu ck; I’d never seen it, and now I’d given  
up tryi ng. Indeed, I’d never seen anythi ng “taking form,” as  he called  it, ag ainst  
those gray walls. 
 73

The ch aplain gazed at  me wit h a sort of sadness. I now had my back t o the wall 
and light  was flowing over m y forehead. He  mut tered some words I didn’t catch ; 
then abruptly asked if he m ight kiss me. I said, “No.” Th en he turned, came up to the 
wall, and slowly drew his hand along it. 
“Do you really love these earthly things so  very m uch?” he asked in a low voice. 
I made no reply. 
For quite a while h e kept his eyes av erted. His presence was getting m ore and 
more irksome, and I was on the point of te lling hi m to go, and leave me in peace,  
when all of a sudden he swung roun d on me, and burst out passionately:  
“No! No! I refuse to believe it. I’m  sure you’ve often wi shed there was an 
afterlife.” 
Of course I had, I told him . Everybody ha s that wish at times. But that had no 
more i mportance than wishing to be rich, or to swim  very fast, or  to have a better-
shaped m outh. It was in the same order of thi ngs. I was going on in t he same vein, 
when he cut in with a question. How did I picture the life after the grave? 
I fairly ba wled out at him : “A life in which I can remember this life on earth. 
That’s all I want of it.” And i n the same  breath I told him  I’d had enough of his 
company. 
But, apparently, he had m ore to say on the subject of God. I went close up to him 
and made a last attem pt to e xplain that I’d very litt le time left, and I wasn’t going to 
waste it on God. 
Then he tried to change the subject by asking m e why I hadn’t once addressed him 
as “Father,” seeing that he wa s a priest. That irritated m e still m ore, and I told him  he 
wasn’t m y father; quite the con trary, he was on the others’ side . 
“No, no, m y son,” he said, layi ng his hand on my shoulder. “I’m  on your side, 
though you don’t re alize it—because your h eart is hardened. But I shall pray for 
you.” 
Then, I don’t know how it was, but someth ing seemed to break inside m e, and I 
started yelling at the top of m y voice. I hurled insul ts at him, I told him  not to waste 
his rotten prayers on m e; it wa s better to burn than t o disappear. I’d taken him  by the 
neckband of his cassock, and, in a sort of ecstasy of joy and rage, I poured out on 
him all the thoughts that had been simmering in m y brain. He seemed so cocksure, 
you see. And yet none of hi s certainties was worth one strand of a wom an’s hair. 
Living as he did, like a corpse, he couldn’t ev en be sure of bei ng alive. It  might look 
as if m y hands were em pty. Actually, I was sure of m yself, sure about everything, far 
surer than he; sure of m y present life a nd of the death that was com ing. That, no 
doubt, was all I had; but at least that ce rtainty was som ething I could get m y teeth 
into—just as it had got its teeth into m e. I’d been right, I was s till right, I was always 
right. I’d passed m y life in a certain way, and I might have passed it in a different 
way, if I’d felt like it . I’d acted thus, and I hadn’t  acted othe rwise; I hadn’t done x, 
 74

whereas I had done y or z. And what did that mean? Th at, all the time, I’d been 
waiting for this present m oment, for that dawn, tom orrow’s or anot her day’s, which 
was to justify m e. Nothing, nothing had the least im portance and I knew quite well 
why. He, too, knew why. Fro m the dark horizon of m y future a sort of slow, 
persistent breeze had been blowing toward me, all m y life long, from  the years that 
were to come. And on its way that breeze ha d leveled out all  the ideas that people 
tried to foist on m e in the equally unre al years I then was living through. What 
difference could they make to  me, the deaths of others, or a m other’s love, or hi s 
God; or the way a man decide s to live, the fate he thinks he chooses, since one and 
the sam e fate was bound to “choose” not on ly me but thousands of m illions of 
privi leged people who, like hi m, called them selves m y brothers. Sure ly, surely he 
must see that? Every m an alive was privileg ed; there was only one class of men, th e 
privi leged class. All alike would be condem ned to die one day; his t urn, too, would 
come like the others’. And what difference could it make if, afte r being c harged with 
murder, he were executed because he didn’t w eep at his mother’s funeral, since it all 
came to the same thing in the end? Th e same thing for Sa lamano’s wife and for 
Salamano’s dog. That little robot woman was as “guilty” as the girl from Paris who 
had m arried Masson, or as Ma rie, who wanted me to marry  her. What did it matter if 
Raym ond was as m uch m y pal as Céleste, w ho was a far wort hier m an? What did i t 
matter if at this very m oment Marie wa s kissi ng a new boy friend? As a condemned 
man him self, couldn’t he gra sp what I me ant by that dark wind blow ing from  my 
future? ... 
I had been shouti ng so m uch that I’d lost  my breath, and just  then the jailers 
rushed in and started trying to release th e chaplain from my grip . One of them mad e 
as if to strike me. Th e chaplain quietened them  down, then gazed at me for a m oment 
without speaking. I could see tears in his eyes. Then he turned and left the cell. 
Once he’d gone, I felt calm ag ain. But all this exciteme nt had exhaus ted m e and I 
dropped heavily on t o my sleeping plank. I must have had a l ongish sle ep, for, when 
I woke, the stars were shining down on m y face. Sounds of th e count ryside came 
faintly in,  and the cool night air, veined  with sm ells’ of earth and salt, fanned my 
cheeks. The m arvelous p eace of the sleepbound summer night floode d through me 
like a tide. Then, just on the edge of daybr eak, I heard a steamer’s siren. People were 
starting on a voyage to a world which had ce ased to concern me forever. Alm ost for 
the first time in many m onths  I thought of m y mother. And now, it seemed to m e, I 
understood why at her life’s end she had ta ken on a “fiancé”; why she’d played at 
making a fresh start. There, to o, in that Home where lives were flick ering out, the 
dusk came as a m ournful sol ace. With deat h so near, Mother m ust have felt like 
someone on the brink of freedom, ready to star t life all over again.  No one, no one i n 
the world had any right to weep for her. A nd I, too, felt ready to start life all over 
again. It was as if that great rush of a nger had washed me clea n, em ptied me of hope, 
 75

and, gazing up at the dark sky spangled with  its signs and stars, for the first tim e, the 
first, I laid m y heart open to the benign indi fference of the universe. To feel it so lik e 
myself, indeed, so brotherly, made me r ealize that I’d been happy, and that I was 
happy still. For all to be acco mplished, for m e to feel less lonely, all that remained to 
hope was that on the day of m y execution th ere should be a huge crowd of spectators 
and that they should greet me  with howls of execration. 
 
 
THE END. 
 76
Albert Camus  THE STRANGER 
 77About the Author 
ALBERT CAMUS was born in Mondovi, Algeria, in  1913. After winning a degree 
in philosophy, he worked at various jobs, ending up in journalism. In the thirties he 
ran a theatrical company, and during the war was active in th e French Resistance, 
editing an important underground paper, Combat . Among his major works are four 
widely praised works of fiction, The Stranger (1946), The Plague (1948), The Fall 
(1957), and Exile and the Kingdom (1958); a volume of plays, Caligula and Three 
Other Plays (1958); and two books of philosophical essays, The Rebel (1954) and 
The Myth of Sisyphus (1955), both of which are ava ilable in the Vintage series. 
Albert Camus was awarded th e Nobel Prize for Literature in 1957. He was killed in 
an automobile accident on January 4, 1960. 
 
THIS BOOK was set on the Linotype in Ja nson, an excellent example o f the 
influential and sturdy Dutch types that prev ailed in England prio r to the development 
by William Caslon of his own designs, which he evolved from thes e Dutch faces. Of 
Janson himself little is known ex cept that he was a practici ng type-founder in Leipzig 
during the years 1660 to 1687. Printed  and bound by THE COLONIAL PRESS 
INC., Clinton, Massachusetts. Cover design by LEO LIONNI. 
