But not many MCs get the love and respect and admiration from
Like the old school heads to the new, um, crowd
Even the fans and even the artists, who both, um, you know
Like pretty much everyone's a Doom fan
How's that-, how's that make you feel?
Wow, that's cool, I ain't never really think about it like that, you know
Good to know that, it's always good to be appreciated by your peers
As well as the fans, you know what I'm sayin'?
The new fans, you know what I mean?
Hard to please everybody, you know what I mean?
The angle? I really look at it like, yo
What I would wanna hear, you know what I mean?
From the first inception of the idea, you know
You know if it sound wack or not, just don't do the wack shit
You know what I'm sayin'? That's how I'm figuring, you know?
I really just do it for myself regardless what anybody think about it
Do it for fun, come from the heart with it
And I think people recognize that, you know what I'm sayin'?
Not to mention just stickin' to certain formulas
Let me stick to certain formulas that you master
After a while, people see the pattern and can kinda like catch on
To where you're going with it, you know what I mean?
Yeah, 'cause, like not too many people can, uh, within a few months
Have a record out with De La Soul and then, uh, you know
A remix with Sage Francis, of course, you know is
Like, the Golden Age to the, the
"Who's popular now, who's popular then", so it's like, you know
I mean, a lot of people are like, get locked in the box
They gotta like this or like that, they can't like both (yup)
And you're on both, so if they're a DOOM fan
They gotta check out both, you know?
Yeah, no doubt, no doubt, yeah, just appreciating things, you know
It's just MCs appreciating MCs, you know what I'm sayin'?
Um, all around the board, we all wordsmiths, you know what I mean?
Really I gotta thank De La for reaching out to me, and like, you know
Recognizing it and being like, "Yo, that cat," you know what I mean?
They didn't have to do that, they, they kind of like
They up there where they could hire a muhfucker
Just to get on some shit that could blow, you know? (Right)
But they still base it on the MC, you know what I'm sayin'? (Yeah)
They know, we know each other from back in the days, kinda
Like, you know what I'm sayin'? We crossed paths a few times, so
It was just cool for them to holler, you know what I'm sayin'?