Every time I hear like Wingin' New Records or like
I'm always like impressed with how you like, just
Can weave the words together
And make it seem so effortless and seamless
And I'm like, alright, he's out
There's no way you can come write another album
And do it again
And then bam!
Yeah, same thing I been thinking
I'm like, "He's done"
I heard Victor Vaughn, and I was like, "Aight"
And I heard Don Mather and I'm like
"Aight, he's done, there's no way he can do it"
And then I heard The M-Food and I was like
"Ah, he did it again, he's gotta be
He's gotta be almost done"
Do you ever worry about like
"Man, I'm gonna run out of ways to say words"
Do you ever worry about writer's block?

Every time, like after every record
Like, you know what I mean?
It always happens
But then I, I don't know, you know, for a couple of months
I might be stuck in that zone
And my wife would tell you, she'd be like
"Yo, every time I say the same thing"
"Yo, I don't know how I do it
What am I gonna do?"
Da-da-da-da-da-da, I go on for months
Then I'll strip it down to the basic format
It's like, yo, the English language is so vast
Not to mention the different dialects of slang that's involved
Plus, when you get other languages mixed with English
And their dialects and slangs that came from the, uh, like
People migrating into America, you know what I'm saying?
From the Irish to all the different types of people
You know what I'm saying?
There's no way you're gonna run out of stupid shit to say
You know what I'm saying?
And that's really what it's based on, it's like
Something that can make somebody laugh
That we can all relate to
But it's a real thing, you know what I'm saying?
Almost like how standard comedians do it

OK

So it's like if you base it on real life
And things that happen naturally in life
It's forever, so, you know
It's just a matter of not thinking too hard about it
And I just gotta keep a pen and pad around me
For when I get those little stupid thoughts
And write them down, you know what I mean?
Right, okay
But yeah, I think it's a never-ending stream of it
But it's even now
It's like I don't know what I'm gonna say on the next album
But I know that I'll catch enough good ones
I got enough time and I'll do my research
You know what I'm saying?
I think I have more faith in it now
Food! We need food!